README.md, before:

# Learn with Antura project

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%202--Clause-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)
![Made with Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Unity-57b9d3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-iOS%20%7C%20Android%20%7C%20Desktop-lightgrey.svg?style=for-the-badge)
![Development Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Heavy%20Development-orange.svg?style=for-the-badge)
![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-v3.0%20Coming%202026-red.svg?style=for-the-badge)
![Open Source](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20Source-Yes-green.svg?style=for-the-badge)
![Contributors Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributors-Welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge)

![antura_gametitle](docs/assets/img/antura_gametitle.jpg)

> **🚧 Project Status**: This project is under heavy development for v3.0, planned for release in 2026. We welcome contributors to join us in building the next generation of this award-winning educational game!

The open source project for the multiple awards winning game "Learn with Antura" to learn languages like
- Arabic
- Darija
- English
- French
- Polish
- ..

and the culture of countries like
- France
- Poland
- ...

This project is an evolution of the original [Antura Edu App 4 Syria](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura_arabic) game.

## Project references
- **Antura Website and Docs:** [antura.org](http://antura.org)
- **Source Code:** [github.com/vgwb/Antura](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura)

## Collaborate
Everyone is invited to collaborate to this open source project:
please check the [collaborator docs](https://antura.org/HowTo/Collaborator.html) and contact us if you want to help or be helped

## Requirements
This repository is a Unity project ([download it here](https://unity.com/download)) and works on mobile (iOS and Android) and Desktop computers

## Docs
all docs are in directory `/docs` and rendered to [antura.org](http://antura.org) by Pages Actions via MkDocs

To render the docs locally:
- `mkdocs new [dir-name]` - Create a new project.
- `mkdocs serve` - Start the live-reloading docs server.
- `mkdocs build` - Build the documentation site.
- `mkdocs -h` - Print help message and exit.

**Install**
```bash
pip3 install mkdocs-material mkdocs-minify-plugin pillow cairosvg mkdocs-table-reader-plugin mkdocs-awesome-pages-plugin mkdocs-git-revision-date-localized-plugin mkdocs-exclude mkdocs-glightbox
```

upgrade:
```bash
pip3 install --upgrade mkdocs-material
```

check version:
```bash
pip3 show mkdocs-material
```

## Licensing
The project is licensed under the BSD 2-clause "Simplified" License [read here](LICENSE.md).

Unless mentioned otherwise, all art and media assets (images, 3D models, animations, sounds, musics) are distributed under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) license.

Commit message:

docs: update README and site preview instructions

README.md, after:

# Learn with Antura project

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%202--Clause-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)
![Made with Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Unity-57b9d3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-iOS%20%7C%20Android%20%7C%20Desktop-lightgrey.svg?style=for-the-badge)
![Development Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Heavy%20Development-orange.svg?style=for-the-badge)
![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-v3.0%20Coming%202026-red.svg?style=for-the-badge)
![Open Source](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20Source-Yes-green.svg?style=for-the-badge)
![Contributors Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributors-Welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge)

![antura_gametitle](docs/assets/img/antura_gametitle.jpg)

> **🚧 Project Status**: This project is under heavy development for v3.0, planned for release in 2026. We welcome contributors to join us in building the next generation of this award-winning educational game!

The open source project for the multiple awards winning game "Learn with Antura" to learn languages like
- Arabic
- Darija
- English
- French
- Polish
- ..

and the culture of countries like
- France
- Poland
- ...

This project is an evolution of the original [Antura Edu App 4 Syria](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura_arabic) game.

## Project references
- **Antura Website and Docs:** [antura.org](http://antura.org)
- **Source Code:** [github.com/vgwb/Antura](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura)

## Collaborate
Everyone is invited to collaborate to this open source project:
please check the [collaborator docs](https://antura.org/) and contact us if you want to help or be helped

## Requirements
This repository is a Unity 6.x project ([download it here](https://unity.com/download)) and works on mobile (iOS and Android) and Desktop computers

## Docs
all docs are in directory `/docs` and rendered to [antura.org](http://antura.org) by Pages Actions with [VitePress](https://vitepress.dev/)

To render the docs locally see https://vitepress.dev/guide/getting-started

```bash
# preview site
npm run docs:dev

# build site (to check final errors)
npm run docs:build 

# update npm packages
npm update
```

## Licensing
The project is licensed under the BSD 2-clause "Simplified" License [read here](LICENSE.md).

Unless mentioned otherwise, all art and media assets (images, 3D models, animations, sounds, musics) are distributed under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) license.
