Assets/_discover/_quests/FR_02 Angers School/FR_02 _README design notes.md, before:

## Game Design
The cat goes to different places until he finds his school.  Then he visits the school and finds his class.

### Content
School system : the cats goes a lycée (16-18 ans), to a collège (11-15 ans), to a école maternelle (3-5 ans) and finally goes to an école primaire (6-10 ans), that corresponds to his age, called Jules Verne

A typical day at school

- Morning childcare = garderie du matin
- arrival at the school gate = le portail
- work in class with different subjects/matières : maths, reading & writing
- morning playtime (récréation) on the playground (la cour) 
- lunch at the canteen (la cantine) or at home (à la maison)
- school work with different subjects/matières : PE = EPS (éducation physique et - sportive),  hist/geog = histoire/géographie,  science = sciences, arts= art
- evening childcare = garderie du soir / homework support = aide aux devoirs

School levels with level names and age (CP–6 ans / CE1-7 ans / CE2-8 ans /CM1-9 ans / CM2–10 ans).

Commit message:

cards: the last big huge final update

Assets/_discover/_quests/FR_02 Angers School/FR_02 _README design notes.md, after:

## Game Design Notes

The cat goes to different places until he finds his school. Then he visits the school and finds his class.

### Content
School system : the cats goes a lycée (16-18 ans), to a collège (11-15 ans), to a école maternelle (3-5 ans) and finally goes to an école primaire (6-10 ans), that corresponds to his age, called Jules Verne

A typical day at school

- Morning childcare = garderie du matin
- arrival at the school gate = le portail
- work in class with different subjects/matières : maths, reading & writing
- morning playtime (récréation) on the playground (la cour) 
- lunch at the canteen (la cantine) or at home (à la maison)
- school work with different subjects/matières : PE = EPS (éducation physique et - sportive),  hist/geog = histoire/géographie,  science = sciences, arts= art
- evening childcare = garderie du soir / homework support = aide aux devoirs

School levels with level names and age (CP–6 ans / CE1-7 ans / CE2-8 ans /CM1-9 ans / CM2–10 ans).

### Knowledge content
The French School System: Kids learn the names, age groups, and order of the main schools:

- École Maternelle (3-5 years old)
- École Primaire (6-10 years old) - 5 years total.
- Collège (11-15 years old)
- Lycée (16-18 years old)

**The Baccalauréat**: Kids learn that the Lycée prepares you for a final diploma called le Baccalauréat, which is needed for university.

**Classroom Life**: Kids learn that French students learn to write in cursive, have playtime (la récréation) in the morning and afternoon, and study things like geometry.

**Cultural Values**: Introduction to the principles of French public schools via the national motto and the Charter of Secularism.
