docs/manual/discover.md, before:

# Discover with Antura
Here is a simple introduction to the Discover Module of Antura

## Mission
Introduce kids to the cultural elements of a country with a flexible tool to allow any style of teaching.

## Game Play
Short adventures (quests) where kids explore the places, talk to people, solve puzzles, find objects. We start from planet earth, select a country, and the the "quest" to be played.

## Story
The player plays the Cat who has to find Antura that ran away making a mess wherever it goes. But every quest can have it's own story.

## Education
All places are simple recontructions of real places. There are images / photos of elements, dialogs about the topics with people (the Living Letters) giving some knowledge and making some questions.

The trasmission of knowledge is indirect by playing the adventure, with some direct elements when the player is asked a specific question to go on.

The cultural elements and the specific topics to be inserted into the gameplay are coordianted with the teachers. We as game designers can then create the easiest and enjoyable way to explore it.

All dialogs are spoken in both the country language (say french in France) and the native language of the player.

## Player Profile
is profiled by three indicators:

### Knowledge
represented by **cards**.
you collect cards by interacting with them, answering corretly to questions, etc.

### Experience
represented by **gems** and **points**
gems are achieved by finishing complex tasks. there are a finite number in the world. collect them all to become a "master".
points are cumulative.. the more you play, the more you earn

## Properties
represented by **cookies**
its the currency of the game. you can buy props, enviroment.. or eat them.. you choose :)

## Content (Cards)

## Quests
We designed the Antura "DiscoverED" module to allow thousands of quests of any country. And anybody could create new one to propose.
We already had a dozen created by game design students. And since the project is open source it will be nice to engage new collaborators to help the project.
In this way we can also experiments with different ways to introduce the cultural elements: it could be a more story driven quest, or an espace room. A journey or a labyrinth, an exploration to find an object or an arcade game to undertand a sport's rules. We could allow any kind of interactivity.


### Tasks

## Activities
[here is a list](./discover-activities.md)

## Book

## DiscoverED Quest Framework
DiscoverED is our Unity-based framework for educational games creation where educators and game designers can collaborate to transform any didactical content into 3D adventure games.

An open-source solution designed to craft learning experiences mixing exploration, dialogues, interactive puzzles and engaging quests created using a simple script editor, simplifying the creation and translation of the narrative content.

Commit message:

docs: links data type and activities description

docs/manual/discover.md, after:

# Discover with Antura
Here is a simple introduction to the Discover Module of Antura

## Mission
Introduce kids to the cultural elements of a country with a flexible tool to allow any style of teaching.

## Game Play
Short adventures (quests) where kids explore the places, talk to people, solve puzzles, find objects. We start from planet earth, select a country, and the the "quest" to be played.

## Story
The player plays the Cat who has to find Antura that ran away making a mess wherever it goes. But every quest can have it's own story.

## Education
All places are simple recontructions of real places. There are images / photos of elements, dialogs about the topics with people (the Living Letters) giving some knowledge and making some questions.

The trasmission of knowledge is indirect by playing the adventure, with some direct elements when the player is asked a specific question to go on.

The cultural elements and the specific topics to be inserted into the gameplay are coordianted with the teachers. We as game designers can then create the easiest and enjoyable way to explore it.

All dialogs are spoken in both the country language (say french in France) and the native language of the player.

## Player Profile
is profiled by three indicators:

### Knowledge
represented by **cards**.
you collect cards by interacting with them, answering corretly to questions, etc.

### Experience
represented by **gems** and **points**
gems are achieved by finishing complex tasks. there are a finite number in the world. collect them all to become a "master".
points are cumulative.. the more you play, the more you earn

## Properties
represented by **cookies**
its the currency of the game. you can buy props, enviroment.. or eat them.. you choose :)

## Content (Cards)

## Quests
We designed the Antura "DiscoverED" module to allow thousands of quests of any country. And anybody could create new one to propose.
We already had a dozen created by game design students. And since the project is open source it will be nice to engage new collaborators to help the project.
In this way we can also experiments with different ways to introduce the cultural elements: it could be a more story driven quest, or an espace room. A journey or a labyrinth, an exploration to find an object or an arcade game to undertand a sport's rules. We could allow any kind of interactivity.

[here is a list of available quests](../discover/quest/index.md)


### Tasks

## Activities
[here is a list of available activities](../discover/activities/index.md)

## Book

## DiscoverED Quest Framework
DiscoverED is our Unity-based framework for educational games creation where educators and game designers can collaborate to transform any didactical content into 3D adventure games.

An open-source solution designed to craft learning experiences mixing exploration, dialogues, interactive puzzles and engaging quests created using a simple script editor, simplifying the creation and translation of the narrative content.
