docs/en/index.md, before:

---
layout: home

hero:
  name: "Learn with Antura"
  text: "Play. Learn. Discover."
  tagline: "An award-winning open source videogame that turns reading, language, and culture into an adventure."
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Download
      link: /en/#download
    - theme: alt
      text: Forum
      link: https://antura.discourse.group
  image:
    src: /img/antura_gametitle.jpg
    alt: Antura and the Letters

features:
  - title: "🎮 Learn through play"
    details: "Children explore fun minigames to practice letters, words, and cultural content in multiple languages."
  - title: "🌍 Discover countries and cultures"
    details: "Through quests and stories, Antura introduces children to the heritage, traditions, and daily life of European countries and beyond."
  - title: "🆓 Free and open source"
    details: "Developed by educators and game designers, Antura is 100% free and open for teachers, families, and developers."
  - title: "📚 Resources and open content"
    details: "Guides, documentation, and all of the game’s cards, topics, and quests are accessible on this website for teachers, designers, and developers."
  - title: "🏆 International recognition"
    details: "Winner of the EduApp4Syria international competition, supported by UNICEF and global partners."
  - title: "🧩 Open quest framework"
    details: "Antura’s flexible framework lets you design and add new quests and activities, expanding the educational universe."
  - title: "🗣️ Speaks multiple languages"
    details: "Play in Arabic, English, French, German, Hungarian, Italian, Polish, Romanian, Russian, Spanish, Ukrainian."
  - title: "💻📱 Cross-platform"
    details: "Antura runs on both PC and mobile devices, reaching children everywhere."
---

<hr>

![antura_gametitle](/img/antura_gametitle.jpg)

> Learn to read and discover new languages with this award-winning free game!
> It has been developed to help children that are not able to attend school, mainly from Syria, Afghanistan and Ukraine, but any child can play and learn easily with Antura.

This documentation website is dedicated to Teachers, Designers and Developers who want to work with Antura. It is maintained by the Antura Core Team directly inside the project repository.

## Video

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/HDM7a1i_kIw?si=M-E6xnKNRxrh1Wkw" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Download

[![download applestore](../assets/img/download_appstore.png)](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/antura-and-the-letters/id1210334699)

[![download googleplay](../assets/img/download_googleplay.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.eduapp4syria.antura)

Commit message:

docs: youtube video and download page

docs/en/index.md, after:

---
layout: home

hero:
  name: "Learn with Antura"
  text: "Play. Discover. Learn."
  tagline: "An award-winning open source game that turns reading, language, and culture into an adventure."
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Download
      link: /en/download
    - theme: alt
      text: Forum
      link: https://antura.discourse.group
  image:
    src: /img/antura_gametitle.jpg
    alt: Learn with Antura

features:
  - title: "🎮 Learn through play"
    details: "Minigames make reading and language practice fun."
  - title: "🌍 Discover countries and cultures"
    details: "Explore heritage, traditions, and daily life through quests."
  - title: "🆓 Free and open source"
    details: "100% free, ad-free, and open to community contributions."
  - title: "📚 Open content"
    details: "All cards, topics, and quests available online."
  - title: "🏆 International recognition"
    details: "EduApp4Syria winner and multi-award-winning game."
  - title: "🧩 Open quest framework"
    details: "Create and share new quests to expand the game."
  - title: "🗣️ Speaks multiple languages"
    details: "Play in 11 languages including Arabic, English, Italian, Polish, and more."
  - title: "💻📱 Cross-platform"
    details: "Runs on PC and mobile, no internet required after install."
---

<YouTubeVideo id="HDM7a1i_kIw" title="Antura Trailer" />

> [!NOTE] Educators & Teachers 👩‍🏫  
> Access full post-game activities, use **Classroom Mode**, and follow the **Teacher Guide**.  
> Antura provides rich **didactical content** designed for schools.

> [!TIP] Parents & Families 👨‍👩‍👧  
> Play together at home, **track your child’s progress**, and explore the full content of the game.  
> Safe, free, and fun for every kid.

> [!IMPORTANT] Game Designers & Developers 🎨  
> Create a new quest in just **24 hours** using our full library of ready-made assets.  
> Power it with the **Yarn Spinner scripting engine** for dialogue and narrative control.

> [!WARNING] Philanthropists & Foundations 🤝  
> Antura is a **10-year initiative** with a long-term vision.  
> Support us to keep developing **free educational games for all children**.
