docs/HowTo/Collaborator.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Collaborator Guide
parent: HowTo
nav_order: 0
---
# Collaborator Guidelines

We are developing a public project released Open Source.
Even if developing a part, everybody is asked to keep in mind the full overview of the project.

## Communication

- The default language for docs is english.
- The main communication tool is Slack.
- The Unity project is managed on GitHub
- Whoever commits to the Unity project is asked to be really precise in the commit - comment (it will be used in the automatic changelog of the project), with the “One - feature is One commit rule”
- Everybody can commit to the dev branch. Whenever needed we’ll merge into maion - branch
- The dev branch should be always buildable (no blocking issues). It can contain - warnings and bugs, but no compilation errors.
- As issue manager we use GitHub issues.
- The default time zone for everyone is the CET (Paris / Berlin / Rome)

When commenting a build, we should always refer to its version (the number written in the bottom right corner of the home screen). Eventually the build number. And if reporting a bug be as precise as possible (not just say: “it doesn’t work”

## Development Standards

We try to follow the highest quality standard in every aspect of production.
Humble enough to ask advice and help from others if we can’t achieve it.
There is no “i’m better than you” competition, but “hey i’m really good at that let me improve it”.

We’ll have a weekly development cycle (with a build made at least every friday evening, to be freely tested in the weekends)

When doing something, let’s keep in mind that it could/should be accessed and modified by someone else, so: clean and self speaking variables and filenames, comments when appropriate.

The target players of the app are kids from 5-10 who basically can’t read

## UI/UX Guidelines

- Base res is landscape 16:9 from minimal 1024 x 600 to full HD 1920*1080
- The UI and all app scales on different screen sizes (even 4:3)
- Basic target player can’t read
- Arabic is a RTL (Right to Left) language
- Arabs may have some conventions different from Europeans (since the RTL)
- As all media assets, original / hires versions should be in Google Drive, Unity - project will have optimized / resized versions
- All media will be licensed under Creative Commons.

# Art and Assets Guidelines
- All raster should be pixel perfect on a Full HD screen.
- All 3D models should be the low poly as possible.
- 3D skeletons should be properly names.
- 3D animations should be separated from the 3D models.
- As all media assets, original / hires versions should be in Google Drive, Unity - project will have optimized / resized versions.
- All media will be licensed under Creative Commons.

## Sound Guidelines

- mp3 mono is the preferred format (stereo if really really necessary)
- Music should have a declared BPM and be perfectly loopable
- All media will be licensed under Creative Commons.

Commit message:

audio files format updated in docs

docs/HowTo/Collaborator.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Collaborator Guide
parent: HowTo
nav_order: 0
---
# Collaborator Guidelines

We are developing a public project released Open Source.
Even if developing a part, everybody is asked to keep in mind the full overview of the project.

## Communication

- The default language for docs is english.
- The main communication tool is Slack.
- The Unity project is managed on GitHub
- Whoever commits to the Unity project is asked to be really precise in the commit - comment (it will be used in the automatic changelog of the project), with the “One - feature is One commit rule”
- Everybody can commit to the dev branch. Whenever needed we’ll merge into maion - branch
- The dev branch should be always buildable (no blocking issues). It can contain - warnings and bugs, but no compilation errors.
- As issue manager we use GitHub issues.
- The default time zone for everyone is the CET (Paris / Berlin / Rome)

When commenting a build, we should always refer to its version (the number written in the bottom right corner of the home screen). Eventually the build number. And if reporting a bug be as precise as possible (not just say: “it doesn’t work”

## Development Standards

We try to follow the highest quality standard in every aspect of production.
Humble enough to ask advice and help from others if we can’t achieve it.
There is no “i’m better than you” competition, but “hey i’m really good at that let me improve it”.

We’ll have a weekly development cycle (with a build made at least every friday evening, to be freely tested in the weekends)

When doing something, let’s keep in mind that it could/should be accessed and modified by someone else, so: clean and self speaking variables and filenames, comments when appropriate.

The target players of the app are kids from 5-10 who basically can’t read

## UI/UX Guidelines

- Base res is landscape 16:9 from minimal 1024 x 600 to full HD 1920*1080
- The UI and all app scales on different screen sizes (even 4:3)
- Basic target player can’t read
- Arabic is a RTL (Right to Left) language
- Arabs may have some conventions different from Europeans (since the RTL)
- As all media assets, original / hires versions should be in Google Drive, Unity - project will have optimized / resized versions
- All media will be licensed under Creative Commons.

# Art and Assets Guidelines
- All raster should be pixel perfect on a Full HD screen.
- All 3D models should be the low poly as possible.
- 3D skeletons should be properly names.
- 3D animations should be separated from the 3D models.
- As all media assets, original / hires versions should be in Google Drive, Unity - project will have optimized / resized versions.
- All media will be licensed under Creative Commons.

## Sound Guidelines

- ogg, wav or mp3 mono files are the preferred formats (stereo if really really necessary)
- Music should have a declared BPM and be perfectly loopable
- All media will be licensed under Creative Commons.
