docs/en/manual/index.md, before:

---
title: "User Manual"
---
# User Manual

> [!note]
> We are rewriting here the [previous Google Doc version](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Yk8cvbJIE2IKIKsVDs7eHWq_nueZ-O6HCGTl9xVusJk/edit?usp=sharing)

Antura is an award-winning open source videogame that turns reading, language and culture into a joyful adventure.
Through autonomous play or usage in the classroom, 5-10 years old kids can learn to read in their mother language, learn a foreign language or discover the local culture.
NOTE: Antura has been designed specifically for refugee and migrant kids, but it's free and engaging for any kid!

This manual is for:

- **Teachers** who want to use Antura in the classroom
- **Social Workers** who want to use Antura with refugee or vulnerable children
- **Parents** who want to know more about this game
- **Creators & Designers** who want to create new content for the game

## Sections

- [How to Install and Setup](./install.md)
- [Learn Languages](./learnlanguage_module.md)
- [Discover Europe introduction](./discover_introduction.md)
- [Discover Europe](./discover_module.md)
- [How to play Discover quests](./discover_how_to_play.md)
- [Classroom Guide](./classroom_guide.md)
- [Feedback and Support](./support.md)
- [FAQ](./faq.md)
- [Changelog](./changelog.md)

## Quest creators & developers
We have a custom section of this website dedicated to developers.  
Start here: [How to create a new Quest](../dev/quest-design/index.md)

Commit message:

docs: manual - add how to play page

docs/en/manual/index.md, after:

---
title: "User Manual"
---
# Learn with Antura User Manual

Antura is an award-winning open source videogame that turns reading, language and culture into a joyful adventure.
Through autonomous play or usage in the classroom, 5-10 years old kids can learn to read in their mother language, learn a foreign language or discover the local culture.

## Sections

- [How to Install and Setup](./install.md)
- [Learn Languages](./learnlanguage_module.md)
- [How to play](./how_to_play.md)

- [Learn Language introduction](./learnlanguage_module.md)
- [How to play Learn Language](./learnlanguage_how_to_play.md)

- [Discover introduction](./discover_introduction.md)
- [Discover Features](./discover_module.md)
- [How to play Discover quests](./discover_how_to_play.md)

- [Classroom Guide](./classroom_guide.md)
- [Feedback and Support](./support.md)
- [FAQ](./faq.md)
- [Changelog](./changelog.md)

## Quest creators & developers
We have a custom section of this website dedicated to developers.  
Start here: [How to create a new Quest](../dev/quest-design/index.md)
