docs/en/content/quests/quest/fr_09.md, before:

---
title: The Colors of the Marseille Market (fr_09)
hide:
---

# The Colors of the Marseille Market (fr_09)
> [!note] Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!
> **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://antura.discourse.group/t/fr-09-the-colors-of-the-marseille-market/28/1)  
> **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1243903291#gid=1243903291)  
> **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/FR_09%20Food%20&%20Market/FR_09%20Food%20&%20Market%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Marseille

Visit the vibrant Old Port of Marseille! Learn polite French phrases as you shop for the ingredients to a famous local dish, bouillabaisse.

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Culture (x17)
  - Food (x11)
  - History (x6)

## Topics
### [market traders](../../topics/index.md#marketers)

  - **[Market traders](../../cards/index.md#market_traders)**  
    People who sell food and goods at market stalls—like fishmongers, cheesemongers, and fruit sellers. They weigh, wrap, and call out today’s prices.  
  - **[Cheesemonger](../../cards/index.md#person_cheesemonger)**  
    A person who sells many types of cheese.  
  - **[Baker](../../cards/index.md#person_baker)**  
    A person who makes bread, cakes, and pastries.  
  - **[Greengrocer](../../cards/index.md#person_greengrocer)**  
    A person who sells fresh fruit and vegetables.  
  - **[Grocer](../../cards/index.md#person_grocer)**  
    A person who sells many kinds of food and drinks.  
  - **[Fishmonger](../../cards/index.md#person_fishmonger)**  
    A person who sells fresh fish and seafood.  
### [Bouillabaisse](../../topics/index.md#bouillabaisse)

  - **[Bouillabaisse](../../cards/index.md#bouillabaisse)**  
    A special fish soup from Marseille in southern France. It's made with many different types of fish and has a delicious smell!  
  - **[BREAD](../../cards/index.md#food_bread)**  
    A yummy food made from flour and water. You can make sandwiches with bread!  
  - **[FISH](../../cards/index.md#food_fish)**  
    An animal that lives and swims in water. Fish have fins and gills to breathe underwater.  
  - **[Crab](../../cards/index.md#food_crab)**  
    A sea animal with big claws and a hard shell. Crabs walk sideways on the beach!  
  - **[Milk](../../cards/index.md#food_milk)**  
    A white drink that comes from cows. Milk helps your bones and teeth grow strong!  
  - **[Orange](../../cards/index.md#food_orange)**  
    A round, orange fruit that tastes sweet and juicy. Oranges have lots of vitamin C!  
  - **[Tomato](../../cards/index.md#food_tomato)**  
    A red, round fruit that grows on plants. Tomatoes are used to make pizza sauce!  
  - **[Lemon](../../cards/index.md#food_lemon)**  
    A yellow fruit that tastes very sour. Lemons are used to make lemonade!  
  - **[Olive oil](../../cards/index.md#food_olive_oil)**  
    A special oil made from olives. People use it for cooking tasty food.  
  - **[Pepper Salt](../../cards/index.md#food_pepper_salt)**  
    Spices that make food taste better. Salt is white and pepper is black with tiny pieces.  

## Additional Cards
**[French Pirates](../../cards/index.md#pirates)**  
Brave sailors who sailed the seas for the King of France. They were called corsairs and protected French ships from enemies.  

**[Euro Currency](../../cards/index.md#currency_euro)**  
Money used in many countries in Europe. You can buy toys and ice cream with euros!  

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_09-script.md)

---

## Words
## Activities
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [Match](../../activities/index.md#Match)
- [JigsawPuzzle](../../activities/index.md#JigsawPuzzle)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)

## Tasks
- [Collect] COLLECT_THE_INGREDIENTS
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 15
- Kind:
  - Seek
  - Puzzles
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content, design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)
- Valeria Passarella (Italy) (design)

## Game Design
**Title**: The Colors of the Marseille Market

**Short Description:**  
Visit the vibrant Old Port of Marseille! Learn polite French phrases as you shop for the ingredients to a famous local dish, bouillabaisse, and discover the famous artists who were inspired by the light of the Côte d'Azur.

### Mission
The player is given a shopping list by a chef and must navigate a bustling French market to buy the correct ingredients. The core gameplay involves interacting with various vendors. For each interaction, the player must use polite phrases ("Bonjour," "Merci") and decide whether to purchase the vendor's goods based on the shopping list. The quest is completed by successfully gathering all ingredients.

Commit message:

Docs: updated design notes and quest pages

docs/en/content/quests/quest/fr_09.md, after:

---
title: Nourriture et marché (fr_09)
hide:
---

# Nourriture et marché (fr_09)
> [!note] Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!
> **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://antura.discourse.group/t/fr-09-the-colors-of-the-marseille-market/28/1)  
> **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1243903291#gid=1243903291)  
> **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/FR_09%20Food%20&%20Market/FR_09%20Food%20&%20Market%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Marseille

Visit the vibrant Old Port of Marseille! Learn polite French phrases as you shop for the ingredients to a famous local dish, bouillabaisse.

##  Design Notes

**Core Subject:** Food, Commerce, and Social Etiquette.

**Player Objectives:**

1. **Culinary Mission:** The player meets a Chef who wants to prepare a traditional **Bouillabaisse** (fish stew) but lacks the ingredients.
2. **Market Exploration:** The player must visit four different vendors (Baker, Fishmonger, Cheesemonger, Greengrocer) to find specific items like **fish, bread, tomatoes, and olive oil**.
3. **Social Interaction:** To succeed, the player must use polite greetings ("Bonjour", "Merci") and select the correct items from each vendor's list.
4. **Financial Literacy:** The player pays for items using a mini-game that simulates counting money (Euros).
5. **Final Preparation:** After collecting all 9 ingredients, the player returns to the Chef to match the ingredients to their source (e.g., Fish comes from the Fishmonger) and "cook" the final dish.

**Educational Content:**

- **Cultural Dish:** Introduces _Bouillabaisse_ as a famous specialty of Marseille.
- **Vocabulary:** Focuses on food items (_Fish, Crab, Bread, Milk, Oil, Tomato, Lemon_) and professions (_Baker, Grocer, Fishmonger_).
- **Social Skills:** Reinforces the importance of politeness (greeting before asking) and basic commerce (exchanging money for goods).


## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_09-script.md)

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Culture (x17)
  - Food (x11)
  - History (x6)

## Topics
### [market traders](../../topics/index.md#marketers)

  - **[Market traders](../../cards/index.md#market_traders)**  
    People who sell food and goods at market stalls—like fishmongers, cheesemongers, and fruit sellers. They weigh, wrap, and call out today’s prices.  
  - **[Cheesemonger](../../cards/index.md#person_cheesemonger)**  
    A person who sells many types of cheese.  
  - **[Baker](../../cards/index.md#person_baker)**  
    A person who makes bread, cakes, and pastries.  
  - **[Greengrocer](../../cards/index.md#person_greengrocer)**  
    A person who sells fresh fruit and vegetables.  
  - **[Grocer](../../cards/index.md#person_grocer)**  
    A person who sells many kinds of food and drinks.  
  - **[Fishmonger](../../cards/index.md#person_fishmonger)**  
    A person who sells fresh fish and seafood.  
### [Bouillabaisse](../../topics/index.md#bouillabaisse)

  - **[Bouillabaisse](../../cards/index.md#bouillabaisse)**  
    A special fish soup from Marseille in southern France. It's made with many different types of fish and has a delicious smell!  
  - **[Bread](../../cards/index.md#food_bread)**  
    A yummy food made from flour and water. You can make sandwiches with bread!  
  - **[Fish](../../cards/index.md#food_fish)**  
    An animal that lives and swims in water. Fish have fins and gills to breathe underwater.  
  - **[Crab](../../cards/index.md#food_crab)**  
    A sea animal with big claws and a hard shell. Crabs walk sideways on the beach!  
  - **[Milk](../../cards/index.md#food_milk)**  
    A white drink that comes from cows. Milk helps your bones and teeth grow strong!  
  - **[Orange](../../cards/index.md#food_orange)**  
    A round, orange fruit that tastes sweet and juicy. Oranges have lots of vitamin C!  
  - **[Tomato](../../cards/index.md#food_tomato)**  
    A red, round fruit that grows on plants. Tomatoes are used to make pizza sauce!  
  - **[Lemon](../../cards/index.md#food_lemon)**  
    A yellow fruit that tastes very sour. Lemons are used to make lemonade!  
  - **[Olive oil](../../cards/index.md#food_olive_oil)**  
    A special oil made from olives. People use it for cooking tasty food.  
  - **[Pepper Salt](../../cards/index.md#food_pepper_salt)**  
    Spices that make food taste better. Salt is white and pepper is black with tiny pieces.  

## Additional Cards
**[French Pirates](../../cards/index.md#pirates)**  
Brave sailors who sailed the seas for the King of France. They were called corsairs and protected French ships from enemies.  

**[Euro Currency](../../cards/index.md#currency_euro)**  
Money used in many countries in Europe. You can buy toys and ice cream with euros!  

## Words
## Activities
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [Match](../../activities/index.md#Match)
- [JigsawPuzzle](../../activities/index.md#JigsawPuzzle)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)

## Tasks
- [Collect] COLLECT_THE_INGREDIENTS
- [Interact] go_back_chef
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 15
- Kind:
  - Seek
  - Puzzles
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content, design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)
- Valeria Passarella (Italy) (design)
