---
title: The neighbors of France (fr_00)
hide:
---

# The neighbors of France (fr_00)
[Quest Index](./index.md) - Language: english - [french](./fr_00.fr.md) - [polish](./fr_00.pl.md) - [italian](./fr_00.it.md)

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://vgwb.discourse.group/t/fr-00-the-neighbors-of-france/22)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1044148815#gid=1044148815)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/FR_00%20Geo%20France/FR_00%20Geo%20France%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - France

Let's know the neighbours of France

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Culture (x11)
  - Geography (x11)
  - Community (x2)
  - Education (x2)

## Topics
- [France country](../topics/index.md#france)
- [Flags of Europe](../topics/index.md#flags_euroe)


## Cards
**[Europe Map](../cards/index.md#concept_europe_map)**  
A map showing all the countries in Europe. You can see where France, Poland, Germany, and other countries are located.  

**[Flag of Germany](../cards/index.md#flag_germany)**  
The flag of Germany has three horizontal stripes: black, red, and yellow. Germany is famous for cars, castles, and fairy tales!  

**[Flag of Italy](../cards/index.md#flag_italy)**  
The flag of Italy has three vertical stripes: green, white, and red. The colors look like basil, mozzarella, and tomatoes on pizza!  

**[Flag of Luxembourg](../cards/index.md#flag_luxembourg)**  
The flag of Luxembourg has red, white, and light blue horizontal stripes. Luxembourg is a very small country that speaks three languages!  

**[Flag of Monaco](../cards/index.md#flag_monaco)**  
The flag of Monaco has red and white horizontal stripes. Monaco is tiny but famous for fancy cars and royal palaces by the sea!  

**[Flag of Belgium](../cards/index.md#flag_belgium)**  
The flag of Belgium has three vertical stripes: black, yellow, and red. Belgium is famous for chocolate and waffles!  

**[Flag of Spain](../cards/index.md#flag_spain)**  
The flag of Spain has red and yellow horizontal stripes. The colors are like the sun and peppers! Spain invented flamenco dancing.  

**[Flag of Switzerland](../cards/index.md#flag_switzerland)**  
The flag of Switzerland is red with a white cross in the middle. It looks like a first aid kit! Switzerland is famous for mountains and cheese.  

**[Flag of France](../cards/index.md#flag_france)**  
The flag of France has three vertical stripes: blue, white, and red. These colors represent liberty, equality, and fraternity!  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- [Collect] FIND_FRENCH_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_GERMAN_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_SPANISH_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_ITALIAN_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_BELGIUM_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_LUX_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_SWISS_FLAG
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Easy
- Duration (min): 15
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (content, design, development)
- Vieri Toti (Italy) (content, design)

## Game Design notes



---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_00-script.md)
