docs/discover/quest/fr_08.pl.md, before:

---
title: Mont Blanc i góry (fr_08)
hide:
---

# Mont Blanc i góry (fr_08)
[Quest Index](./index.pl.md) - Language: [english](./fr_08.md) - [french](./fr_08.fr.md) - polish - [italian](./fr_08.it.md)

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Alpy Rodańskie

## Content
Subjects: 



## Cards
**[Alpy](../cards/index.md#alps)**  
Wysokie pasmo górskie w Europie.  

**[Plecak](../cards/index.md#backpack)**  
Torba, którą nosisz na plecach.  

**[Bobsleje](../cards/index.md#bobsled)**  
Szybkie sanki służące do zjeżdżania po lodzie.  

**[Wspinaczka](../cards/index.md#climbing)**  
Wchodzenie na skały lub lód przy użyciu specjalnego sprzętu.  

**[Płaszcz](../cards/index.md#coat)**  
Ciepła kurtka na zimne dni.  

**[Raki](../cards/index.md#crampons)**  
Kolczaste metalowe uchwyty przymocowane do butów, aby móc jeździć po lodzie.  

**[Lodowiec](../cards/index.md#glacier)**  
Wolno poruszający się lód występujący w wysokich górach.  

**[Rękawice](../cards/index.md#gloves)**  
Ciepłe okrycia na dłonie.  

**[Kapelusz](../cards/index.md#hat)**  
Ciepła czapka na głowę.  

**[Turystyka piesza](../cards/index.md#hiking)**  
Wędrówki po szlakach na łonie natury.  

**[Lód](../cards/index.md#ice)**  
Zamarznięta woda, która może być bardzo śliska.  

**[Świstak](../cards/index.md#marmot)**  
Futrzane zwierzę górskie, które gwiżdże.  

**[Góra](../cards/index.md#mountain)**  
Filary ziemi  

**[Przewodnik górski](../cards/index.md#mountain_guide)**  
Osoba, która pomaga ludziom bezpiecznie się wspinać.  

**[Lina](../cards/index.md#rope)**  
Mocna lina używana do zapewnienia bezpieczeństwa podczas wspinaczki.  

**[Szalik](../cards/index.md#scarf)**  
Ciepły materiał noszony wokół szyi.  

**[Narciarstwo](../cards/index.md#skiing)**  
Zjeżdżanie na nartach po śniegu.  

**[Śnieg](../cards/index.md#snow)**  
Zamarznięta woda spadająca w zimne dni.  

**[Szczyt](../cards/index.md#summit)**  
Sam szczyt góry.  

**[Słoneczny](../cards/index.md#sun)**  
Jasne światło, które może odbijać się od śniegu.  

**[Okulary przeciwsłoneczne](../cards/index.md#sunglasses)**  
Okulary chroniące oczy przed jasnym światłem.  

**[Wiatr](../cards/index.md#wind)**  
Ruch powietrza, który w górach może być odczuwalnie silniejszy.  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- (none)
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 15
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content, design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)
- Valeria Passarella (Italy) (design)

## Game Design Notes

Prepare for an alpine adventure! Help The cat select the right gear for changing weather as he climbs Mont Blanc, the highest peak in the Alps, and learn about the countries that surround it.

**Mission**  
The player must guide Cat up a winding path to the summit of Mont Blanc. The ascent is divided into sections with different weather conditions (wind, snow, bright sun). At each section, the player must open Cat's backpack and choose the correct clothing to proceed safely. The quest culminates in a flag-placing puzzle at the peak, followed by a fun bobsled ride down.

**Location**  
Mont Blanc, French Alps - Mountain peak

### Knowledge Content

- **Geography:**  
  - Know that **Mont Blanc** is the highest mountain in the **Alps** mountain range, with a height of **4807m**.  
  - Identify France's neighboring countries visible from the mountain: **Switzerland** and **Italy**.  
- **Vocabulary (Mountains & Weather):** Learn terms like mountain, peak, snow, ice, sun, and wind in a practical context.  
- **Vocabulary (Preparation & Activities):**  
  - Learn the names of essential **clothing** for a cold environment.  
  - See examples of mountain **activities** like skiing, climbing, and hiking.

### Flow

**Base Camp \- The Preparation:** The quest starts at a base camp at the foot of Mont Blanc. The Mountain Guide greets Cat.

- **Guide:** "Bonjour, mountaineer\! Ready to climb Mont Blanc, the highest peak in the Alps? The weather on the mountain can change quickly, so you must be prepared. I've packed your bag with all the essential gear. I'm also entrusting you with these three flags to place at the summit. Let's begin\!"  
  - The player is shown the backpack UI, filled with the 5 clothing items.

**The Ascent \- A Series of Challenges:** The player starts moving up a winding path.

- **Challenge 1 (The Windy Pass):** The environment becomes windy (visual effects and sound). The Cat shivers.  
  - **Guide's Voice-over:** "Brrr, that wind is biting\! Open your backpack and put on something to protect yourself. You should have a coat and a hat."  
    - **Puzzle:** The player must open the backpack UI and select the **Coat** and **Scarf**. Once selected, the Cat puts them on, and can proceed.  
  - **Challenge 2 (The Snow Line):** It begins to snow heavily. Along this part of the path, the player sees NPCs **skiing**.  
    - **Guide's Voice-over:** "Snow\! It's beautiful but cold. You'll need your warmest layers now\!"  
    - **Puzzle:** The player must open the backpack and select the **Hat** and **Gloves**.  
  - **Challenge 3 (The Sun-Glacier):** The path crosses a wide, snowy field where the sun is intensely bright. The player sees NPCs **hiking** with poles and sunglasses.  
    - **Guide's Voice-over:** "The sun's reflection on the snow can be blinding\! Protect your eyes."  
    - **Puzzle:** The player must select the **Sunglasses**.

**The Summit:** The player reaches the peak. The view is spectacular. A signpost reads **"Mont Blanc: 4807m"**. The Mountain Guide is waiting for them. Near the sign are three empty flagpoles.

**Final Challenge \- Placing the Flags:**

- **Guide:** "You made it\! Welcome to the top of the Alps\! From here, we can see into France, Italy, and Switzerland. Show me you know your geography. Place the flags on the correct poles\!"  
  - The Guide gives the player the first flag (France), then the second (Switzerland) and then the last one (Italy). Hint?  
  - **Puzzle:** The player is shown the three flags. They must drag each flag and drop it onto the correctly labeled pole (**France, Italy, Switzerland**).

### Final Assessment

1. What is the name of the mountain range where Mont Blanc is located?  
   - **Answer:** The Alps  
   - The Pyrenees  
   - The Apennines  
2. How high is Mont Blanc?  
   - **Answer:** 4807 meters  
   - 3705 meters  
   - 4016 meters  
3. Which countries can you see from the top of Mont Blanc?  
   - **Answer:** Italy, France and Switzerland  
   - Italy, Austria, France  
   - Germany, France, Switzerland


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_08-script.pl.md)

Commit message:

every quest now has it's discussion forum on Discourse and activities have images and descriptions

docs/discover/quest/fr_08.pl.md, after:

---
title: Mont Blanc i góry (fr_08)
hide:
---

# Mont Blanc i góry (fr_08)
[Quest Index](./index.pl.md) - Language: [english](./fr_08.md) - [french](./fr_08.fr.md) - polish - [italian](./fr_08.it.md)

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://vgwb.discourse.group/t/fr-08-mont-blanc-mountains/27/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1233127135#gid=1233127135)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/FR_08%20Mont%20Blanc/FR_08%20Mont%20Blanc%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Alpy Rodańskie

## Content
Subjects: 


## Topics
- [mont blanc](../topics/index.md#mont_blanc)
- [mountain tools](../topics/index.md#mountain_tools)
- [mountain activities](../topics/index.md#mountain_activities)


## Cards
**[Alpy](../cards/index.md#alps)**  
Wysokie pasmo górskie w Europie.  

**[Plecak](../cards/index.md#backpack)**  
Torba, którą nosisz na plecach.  

**[Bobsleje](../cards/index.md#bobsled)**  
Szybkie sanki służące do zjeżdżania po lodzie.  

**[Wspinaczka](../cards/index.md#climbing)**  
Wchodzenie na skały lub lód przy użyciu specjalnego sprzętu.  

**[Płaszcz](../cards/index.md#coat)**  
Ciepła kurtka na zimne dni.  

**[Raki](../cards/index.md#crampons)**  
Kolczaste metalowe uchwyty przymocowane do butów, aby móc jeździć po lodzie.  

**[Lodowiec](../cards/index.md#glacier)**  
Wolno poruszający się lód występujący w wysokich górach.  

**[Rękawice](../cards/index.md#gloves)**  
Ciepłe okrycia na dłonie.  

**[Kapelusz](../cards/index.md#hat)**  
Ciepła czapka na głowę.  

**[Turystyka piesza](../cards/index.md#hiking)**  
Wędrówki po szlakach na łonie natury.  

**[Lód](../cards/index.md#ice)**  
Zamarznięta woda, która może być bardzo śliska.  

**[Świstak](../cards/index.md#marmot)**  
Futrzane zwierzę górskie, które gwiżdże.  

**[Góra](../cards/index.md#mountain)**  
Filary ziemi  

**[Przewodnik górski](../cards/index.md#mountain_guide)**  
Osoba, która pomaga ludziom bezpiecznie się wspinać.  

**[Lina](../cards/index.md#rope)**  
Mocna lina używana do zapewnienia bezpieczeństwa podczas wspinaczki.  

**[Szalik](../cards/index.md#scarf)**  
Ciepły materiał noszony wokół szyi.  

**[Narciarstwo](../cards/index.md#skiing)**  
Zjeżdżanie na nartach po śniegu.  

**[Śnieg](../cards/index.md#snow)**  
Zamarznięta woda spadająca w zimne dni.  

**[Szczyt](../cards/index.md#summit)**  
Sam szczyt góry.  

**[Słoneczny](../cards/index.md#sun)**  
Jasne światło, które może odbijać się od śniegu.  

**[Okulary przeciwsłoneczne](../cards/index.md#sunglasses)**  
Okulary chroniące oczy przed jasnym światłem.  

**[Wiatr](../cards/index.md#wind)**  
Ruch powietrza, który w górach może być odczuwalnie silniejszy.  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- (none)
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 15
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content, design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)
- Valeria Passarella (Italy) (design)

## Game Design Notes

Prepare for an alpine adventure! Help The cat select the right gear for changing weather as he climbs Mont Blanc, the highest peak in the Alps, and learn about the countries that surround it.

**Mission**  
The player must guide Cat up a winding path to the summit of Mont Blanc. The ascent is divided into sections with different weather conditions (wind, snow, bright sun). At each section, the player must open Cat's backpack and choose the correct clothing to proceed safely. The quest culminates in a flag-placing puzzle at the peak, followed by a fun bobsled ride down.

**Location**  
Mont Blanc, French Alps - Mountain peak

### Knowledge Content

- **Geography:**  
  - Know that **Mont Blanc** is the highest mountain in the **Alps** mountain range, with a height of **4807m**.  
  - Identify France's neighboring countries visible from the mountain: **Switzerland** and **Italy**.  
- **Vocabulary (Mountains & Weather):** Learn terms like mountain, peak, snow, ice, sun, and wind in a practical context.  
- **Vocabulary (Preparation & Activities):**  
  - Learn the names of essential **clothing** for a cold environment.  
  - See examples of mountain **activities** like skiing, climbing, and hiking.

### Flow

**Base Camp \- The Preparation:** The quest starts at a base camp at the foot of Mont Blanc. The Mountain Guide greets Cat.

- **Guide:** "Bonjour, mountaineer\! Ready to climb Mont Blanc, the highest peak in the Alps? The weather on the mountain can change quickly, so you must be prepared. I've packed your bag with all the essential gear. I'm also entrusting you with these three flags to place at the summit. Let's begin\!"  
  - The player is shown the backpack UI, filled with the 5 clothing items.

**The Ascent \- A Series of Challenges:** The player starts moving up a winding path.

- **Challenge 1 (The Windy Pass):** The environment becomes windy (visual effects and sound). The Cat shivers.  
  - **Guide's Voice-over:** "Brrr, that wind is biting\! Open your backpack and put on something to protect yourself. You should have a coat and a hat."  
    - **Puzzle:** The player must open the backpack UI and select the **Coat** and **Scarf**. Once selected, the Cat puts them on, and can proceed.  
  - **Challenge 2 (The Snow Line):** It begins to snow heavily. Along this part of the path, the player sees NPCs **skiing**.  
    - **Guide's Voice-over:** "Snow\! It's beautiful but cold. You'll need your warmest layers now\!"  
    - **Puzzle:** The player must open the backpack and select the **Hat** and **Gloves**.  
  - **Challenge 3 (The Sun-Glacier):** The path crosses a wide, snowy field where the sun is intensely bright. The player sees NPCs **hiking** with poles and sunglasses.  
    - **Guide's Voice-over:** "The sun's reflection on the snow can be blinding\! Protect your eyes."  
    - **Puzzle:** The player must select the **Sunglasses**.

**The Summit:** The player reaches the peak. The view is spectacular. A signpost reads **"Mont Blanc: 4807m"**. The Mountain Guide is waiting for them. Near the sign are three empty flagpoles.

**Final Challenge \- Placing the Flags:**

- **Guide:** "You made it\! Welcome to the top of the Alps\! From here, we can see into France, Italy, and Switzerland. Show me you know your geography. Place the flags on the correct poles\!"  
  - The Guide gives the player the first flag (France), then the second (Switzerland) and then the last one (Italy). Hint?  
  - **Puzzle:** The player is shown the three flags. They must drag each flag and drop it onto the correctly labeled pole (**France, Italy, Switzerland**).

### Final Assessment

1. What is the name of the mountain range where Mont Blanc is located?  
   - **Answer:** The Alps  
   - The Pyrenees  
   - The Apennines  
2. How high is Mont Blanc?  
   - **Answer:** 4807 meters  
   - 3705 meters  
   - 4016 meters  
3. Which countries can you see from the top of Mont Blanc?  
   - **Answer:** Italy, France and Switzerland  
   - Italy, Austria, France  
   - Germany, France, Switzerland


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_08-script.pl.md)
