docs/discover/quest/fr_01.md, before:

---
title: Paris! (fr_01)
hide:
---

# Paris! (fr_01)
[Quest Index](./index.md) - Language: english - [french](./fr_01.fr.md) - [polish](./fr_01.pl.md) - [italian](./fr_01.it.md)

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Paris

travel around paris searching for Antura!

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Culture (x15)
  - History (x11)
  - Geography (x9)
  - Environment (x8)
  - Art (x6)


## Cards
**[Eiffel Tower](../cards/index.md#eiffel_tower)**  
A tall tower and a symbol of Paris. It's made of iron and is 300 meters talll. You can go up and see the whole city.  

**[French Baguette](../cards/index.md#food_baguette)**  
A long, crispy bread that is the most famous food in France. French people buy fresh baguettes every day from the bakery!  

**[Notre-Dame de Paris](../cards/index.md#notre_dame_de_paris)**  
A beautiful cathedral in Paris. Its colorful glass windows tell stories.  

**[Louvre](../cards/index.md#louvre)**  
A huge museum full of art. It’s where the Mona Lisa lives.  

**[Paris](../cards/index.md#capital_paris)**  
The capital city of France. Paris has a famous tall tower called the Eiffel Tower!  

**[Ile-de-France](../cards/index.md#ile_de_france)**  
A region in France where the capital city Paris is located. Many people live here!  

**[Gustave Eiffel](../cards/index.md#gustave_eiffel)**  
The man who built the Eiffel Tower! He was an engineer who loved building with iron and created the most famous tower in the world.  

**[Notre-Dame Fire](../cards/index.md#notre_dame_de_paris_fire)**  
In 2019, a big fire damaged the beautiful Notre-Dame Cathedral in Paris. Many people worked together to save this important building.  

**[Eiffel Tower map](../cards/index.md#eiffel_tower_map)**  
A map that shows where the famous tall tower in Paris is located.  

**[Eiffel Tower ticket](../cards/index.md#eiffel_tower_ticket)**  
A special paper that lets you visit the famous tall tower in Paris, France.  

**[Mona Lisa](../cards/index.md#art_monalisa)**  
The most famous painting in the world! A woman with a mysterious smile painted by Leonardo da Vinci. She seems to follow you with her eyes.  

**[Cathedral](../cards/index.md#cathedral)**  
A very large and important church in a city.  

**[Church](../cards/index.md#church)**  
A special building where people meet to pray and sing.  

**[Code of Hammurabi](../cards/index.md#code_of_hammurabi)**  
A stone with very old laws carved into it.  

**[Coronation of Napoleon (David)](../cards/index.md#coronation_of_napoleon_david)**  
A huge painting showing a French emperor’s ceremony.  

**[Eiffel Tower Elevators](../cards/index.md#eiffel_tower_elevators)**  
Lifts that take visitors up the iron tower.  

**[Flying Buttress](../cards/index.md#flying_buttress)**  
Stone arms outside that help hold up tall walls.  

**[Gargoyle](../cards/index.md#gargoyle)**  
A funny or scary statue that also works as a rain spout.  

**[Louvre Pyramid](../cards/index.md#louvre_pyramid)**  
The glass pyramid that is the Louvre’s modern entrance.  

**[Oath of the Horatii (David)](../cards/index.md#oath_of_the_horatii_david)**  
A painting of three brothers making a brave promise.  

**[Rose Window](../cards/index.md#rose_window)**  
A big round stained-glass window that tells stories with light.  

**[The Seated Scribe](../cards/index.md#the_seated_scribe)**  
An ancient Egyptian statue of a person writing.  

**[Winged Victory of Samothrace](../cards/index.md#winged_victory_of_samothrace)**  
A famous ancient sculpture of a goddess with wings.  

**[World’s Fair (1889)](../cards/index.md#worlds_fair_1889)**  
The big world expo when the Eiffel Tower was shown.  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- (none)
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 20
- Kind:
  - Parkour
  - Seek
  - Orientation
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Fabio Cecere (Italy) (design)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (design, development)

## Game Design Notes

Explore Paris tour through iconic landmarks. 

Location:
Paris, France

1. Learn about Eiffel Tower construction
2. visit Notre-Dame architecture
3. explore Louvre artworks
4. Bakery and French baguette making with ingredient collection

### Flow

**Part 1: La Tour Eiffel and Gustave Eiffel**
Mission: Climb the Eiffel Tower with the elevator.

**Part 2: Notre Dame de Paris**
Mission: find the 3 pieces of the map
Character: MAJOR

**Part 3: Musée du Louvre and Mona Lisa**
Mission: A stealth mission in the Louvre at night to go to Mona Lisa
Character: TEACHER

**Part 4: La Baguette**
Mission: Learn the art of making the perfect baguette and discover its cultural significance in French society.


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_01-script.md)

Commit message:

every quest now has it's discussion forum on Discourse and activities have images and descriptions

docs/discover/quest/fr_01.md, after:

---
title: Paris! (fr_01)
hide:
---

# Paris! (fr_01)
[Quest Index](./index.md) - Language: english - [french](./fr_01.fr.md) - [polish](./fr_01.pl.md) - [italian](./fr_01.it.md)

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://vgwb.discourse.group/t/fr-01-paris/23/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1233127135#gid=1233127135)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/FR_01%20Paris/FR_01%20Paris%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Paris

travel around paris searching for Antura!

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Culture (x15)
  - History (x11)
  - Geography (x9)
  - Environment (x8)
  - Art (x6)

## Topics
- [Eiffel Tower](../topics/index.md#eiffel-tower)
- [Baguette](../topics/index.md#baguette)
- [Notre Dame](../topics/index.md#notredame)
- [Louvre](../topics/index.md#louvre)


## Cards
**[Eiffel Tower](../cards/index.md#eiffel_tower)**  
A tall tower and a symbol of Paris. It's made of iron and is 300 meters talll. You can go up and see the whole city.  

**[French Baguette](../cards/index.md#food_baguette)**  
A long, crispy bread that is the most famous food in France. French people buy fresh baguettes every day from the bakery!  

**[Notre-Dame de Paris](../cards/index.md#notre_dame_de_paris)**  
A beautiful cathedral in Paris. Its colorful glass windows tell stories.  

**[Louvre](../cards/index.md#louvre)**  
A huge museum full of art. It’s where the Mona Lisa lives.  

**[Paris](../cards/index.md#capital_paris)**  
The capital city of France. Paris has a famous tall tower called the Eiffel Tower!  

**[Ile-de-France](../cards/index.md#ile_de_france)**  
A region in France where the capital city Paris is located. Many people live here!  

**[Gustave Eiffel](../cards/index.md#gustave_eiffel)**  
The man who built the Eiffel Tower! He was an engineer who loved building with iron and created the most famous tower in the world.  

**[Notre-Dame Fire](../cards/index.md#notre_dame_de_paris_fire)**  
In 2019, a big fire damaged the beautiful Notre-Dame Cathedral in Paris. Many people worked together to save this important building.  

**[Eiffel Tower map](../cards/index.md#eiffel_tower_map)**  
A map that shows where the famous tall tower in Paris is located.  

**[Eiffel Tower ticket](../cards/index.md#eiffel_tower_ticket)**  
A special paper that lets you visit the famous tall tower in Paris, France.  

**[Mona Lisa](../cards/index.md#art_monalisa)**  
The most famous painting in the world! A woman with a mysterious smile painted by Leonardo da Vinci. She seems to follow you with her eyes.  

**[Cathedral](../cards/index.md#cathedral)**  
A very large and important church in a city.  

**[Church](../cards/index.md#church)**  
A special building where people meet to pray and sing.  

**[Code of Hammurabi](../cards/index.md#code_of_hammurabi)**  
A stone with very old laws carved into it.  

**[Coronation of Napoleon (David)](../cards/index.md#coronation_of_napoleon_david)**  
A huge painting showing a French emperor’s ceremony.  

**[Eiffel Tower Elevators](../cards/index.md#eiffel_tower_elevators)**  
Lifts that take visitors up the iron tower.  

**[Flying Buttress](../cards/index.md#flying_buttress)**  
Stone arms outside that help hold up tall walls.  

**[Gargoyle](../cards/index.md#gargoyle)**  
A funny or scary statue that also works as a rain spout.  

**[Louvre Pyramid](../cards/index.md#louvre_pyramid)**  
The glass pyramid that is the Louvre’s modern entrance.  

**[Oath of the Horatii (David)](../cards/index.md#oath_of_the_horatii_david)**  
A painting of three brothers making a brave promise.  

**[Rose Window](../cards/index.md#rose_window)**  
A big round stained-glass window that tells stories with light.  

**[The Seated Scribe](../cards/index.md#the_seated_scribe)**  
An ancient Egyptian statue of a person writing.  

**[Winged Victory of Samothrace](../cards/index.md#winged_victory_of_samothrace)**  
A famous ancient sculpture of a goddess with wings.  

**[World’s Fair (1889)](../cards/index.md#worlds_fair_1889)**  
The big world expo when the Eiffel Tower was shown.  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- (none)
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 20
- Kind:
  - Parkour
  - Seek
  - Orientation
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Fabio Cecere (Italy) (design)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (design, development)

## Game Design Notes

Explore Paris tour through iconic landmarks. 

Location:
Paris, France

1. Learn about Eiffel Tower construction
2. visit Notre-Dame architecture
3. explore Louvre artworks
4. Bakery and French baguette making with ingredient collection

### Flow

**Part 1: La Tour Eiffel and Gustave Eiffel**
Mission: Climb the Eiffel Tower with the elevator.

**Part 2: Notre Dame de Paris**
Mission: find the 3 pieces of the map
Character: MAJOR

**Part 3: Musée du Louvre and Mona Lisa**
Mission: A stealth mission in the Louvre at night to go to Mona Lisa
Character: TEACHER

**Part 4: La Baguette**
Mission: Learn the art of making the perfect baguette and discover its cultural significance in French society.


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_01-script.md)
