---
title: Jules Verne and transportation (fr_03)
hide:
---

# Jules Verne and transportation (fr_03)
[Quest Index](./index.md) - Language: english - [french](./fr_03.fr.md) - [polish](./fr_03.pl.md) - [italian](./fr_03.it.md)

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://vgwb.discourse.group/t/fr-03-jules-verne-and-transportation/25/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=336647638#gid=336647638)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/FR_03%20Nantes%20Verne/FR_03%20Nantes%20Verne%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Nantes

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Literature (x6)
  - Science (x5)
  - History (x2)
  - Space (x1)
  - Transportation (x1)

## Topics
- [Jules Verne](../topics/index.md#jules_verne)


## Cards
**[Five Weeks in a Balloon](../cards/index.md#book_five_weeks_in_a_balloon)**  
A book by Jules Verne about flying across Africa in a hot air balloon. It's full of adventure and discovery!  

**[Around the World in Eighty Days](../cards/index.md#book_around_the_world_80_days)**  
An exciting book by Jules Verne about traveling around the whole world very quickly using trains, ships, and hot air balloons!  

**[From the Earth to the Moon](../cards/index.md#book_from_earth_to_moon)**  
A book by Jules Verne about going to the Moon in a big cannon! It was written before real rockets existed.  

**[20000 Leagues Under the Sea](../cards/index.md#book_20000_leagues_under_the_sea)**  
A book by Jules Verne about underwater adventures in a submarine called the Nautilus. You meet giant sea creatures!  

**[Charter of Secularism](../cards/index.md#concept_charter_of_secularism)**  
A set of rules for respecting everyone's beliefs. It helps people live together in peace.  

**[Classroom](../cards/index.md#place_classroom)**  
A room in school where students sit and learn new things from their teacher.  

**[Collège in France](../cards/index.md#education_college_fr)**  
Middle school in France for kids aged 11 to 15. Students learn many subjects and prepare for high school.  

**[French School Poster](../cards/index.md#object_french_school_poster)**  
A big picture with information that hangs on classroom walls in French schools.  

**[Hot-Air Balloon](../cards/index.md#hot_air_balloon)**  
A balloon that flies using hot air. The first one flew in France.  

**[Jules Verne](../cards/index.md#jules_verne)**  
A French writer who imagined amazing adventures before they were possible! He wrote about submarines, rockets, and traveling around the world.  

**[Space Rocket](../cards/index.md#space_rocket)**  
A rocket that goes into space.  

**[Submarine (The Nautilus)](../cards/index.md#submarine_nautilus)**  
A submarine from Jules Verne’s story. It could explore the deep sea.  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- (none)
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 15
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content, design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)

## Game Design Notes
Let’s go to Nantes and discover who Jules Verne was and discover some transport vehicles.

- He was born in Nantes in 1828
- He is a writer 
- He has written le tour du monde en 80 jours

Other books:

- train & boat in Le tour du monde en 80 jours
- hot air balloon in cinq semaines en ballon
- submarin in 20.000 lieues sous les mers
- rocket in de la terre à la lune 


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_03-script.md)
