docs/discover/quest/fr_02.pl.md, before:

---
title: System edukacji (fr_02)
hide:
---

# System edukacji (fr_02)
[Quest Index](./index.pl.md) - Language: [english](./fr_02.md) - [french](./fr_02.fr.md) - polish - [italian](./fr_02.it.md)

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Angers

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Culture (x3)
  - Education (x3)


## Cards
**[Pismo odręczne](../cards/index.md#concept_cursive_writing)**  
Specjalny sposób pisania, w którym wszystkie litery w słowie są połączone. We Francji dzieci uczą się tego sposobu pisania w szkole.  

**[Koło](../cards/index.md#fr_figure_circle)**  
Okrągły kształt bez rogów. Koła wyglądają jak koła, piłki i monety!  

**[Linia](../cards/index.md#fr_figure_line)**  
Linia prosta, która prowadzi z jednego punktu do drugiego. Linie mogą być długie lub krótkie.  

**[Trójkąt](../cards/index.md#fr_figure_triangle)**  
Kształt z trzema prostymi bokami i trzema narożnikami. Trójkąty wyglądają jak kawałki pizzy!  

**[Kompas](../cards/index.md#math_compass)**  
Narzędzie, które pomaga rysować idealne okręgi. Ma dwie nogi jak nożyczki.  

**[Linijka](../cards/index.md#math_ruler)**  
Proste narzędzie do pomiaru długości przedmiotów. Linijki mają cyfry i linie.  

**[Kwadrat](../cards/index.md#math_setsquare)**  
Narzędzie w kształcie trójkąta, służące do rysowania linii prostych i kątów prostych w matematyce.  

**[Torba szkolna](../cards/index.md#school_bag)**  
Torba, w której uczniowie noszą do szkoły książki, ołówki i prace domowe.  

**[Karta świeckości](../cards/index.md#concept_charter_of_secularism)**  
Zbiór zasad szanujących przekonania każdego. Pomaga ludziom żyć razem w pokoju.  

**[Collège we Francji](../cards/index.md#education_college_fr)**  
Szkoła średnia we Francji dla dzieci w wieku od 11 do 15 lat. Uczniowie uczą się wielu przedmiotów i przygotowują się do szkoły średniej.  

**[Menu stołówki](../cards/index.md#object_canteen_menu)**  
Lista pokazująca, co możesz zjeść w szkolnym lunchu. Pomoże Ci wybrać, co zjeść!  

**[Klasa](../cards/index.md#place_classroom)**  
Pomieszczenie w szkole, w którym uczniowie siedzą i uczą się nowych rzeczy od nauczyciela.  

**[Liceum we Francji](../cards/index.md#education_lycee_fr)**  
Szkoła średnia we Francji dla nastolatków w wieku od 16 do 18 lat. Uczniowie intensywnie przygotowują się do egzaminu maturalnego, aby móc iść na uniwersytet.  

**[Szkoła Maternelle](../cards/index.md#education_ecole_maternelle_fr)**  
Szkoła dla małych dzieci w wieku od 3 do 5 lat. Uczysz się poprzez zabawę i odkrywanie.  

**[Szkoła podstawowa we Francji](../cards/index.md#education_ecole_primaire_fr)**  
Szkoła dla dzieci w wieku od 6 do 10 lat. Uczysz się czytania, pisania i liczenia.  

## Words
- water
## Activities
- [Match](../activities/index.md#Match)

## Tasks
- [Collect] TASK_BACKPACK
- [Collect] TASK_BACKPACK
- [Interact] TASK_SCHOOL
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 20
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content, design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)

## Game Design Notes

The cat goes to different places until he finds his school. Then he visits the school and finds his class.

### Content
School system : the cats goes a lycée (16-18 ans), to a collège (11-15 ans), to a école maternelle (3-5 ans) and finally goes to an école primaire (6-10 ans), that corresponds to his age, called Jules Verne

A typical day at school

- Morning childcare = garderie du matin
- arrival at the school gate = le portail
- work in class with different subjects/matières : maths, reading & writing
- morning playtime (récréation) on the playground (la cour) 
- lunch at the canteen (la cantine) or at home (à la maison)
- school work with different subjects/matières : PE = EPS (éducation physique et - sportive),  hist/geog = histoire/géographie,  science = sciences, arts= art
- evening childcare = garderie du soir / homework support = aide aux devoirs

School levels with level names and age (CP–6 ans / CE1-7 ans / CE2-8 ans /CM1-9 ans / CM2–10 ans).

### Knowledge content
The French School System: Kids learn the names, age groups, and order of the main schools:

- École Maternelle (3-5 years old)
- École Primaire (6-10 years old) - 5 years total.
- Collège (11-15 years old)
- Lycée (16-18 years old)

**The Baccalauréat**: Kids learn that the Lycée prepares you for a final diploma called le Baccalauréat, which is needed for university.

**Classroom Life**: Kids learn that French students learn to write in cursive, have playtime (la récréation) in the morning and afternoon, and study things like geometry.

**Cultural Values**: Introduction to the principles of French public schools via the national motto and the Charter of Secularism.



---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_02-script.pl.md)

Commit message:

every quest now has it's discussion forum on Discourse and activities have images and descriptions

docs/discover/quest/fr_02.pl.md, after:

---
title: System edukacji (fr_02)
hide:
---

# System edukacji (fr_02)
[Quest Index](./index.pl.md) - Language: [english](./fr_02.md) - [french](./fr_02.fr.md) - polish - [italian](./fr_02.it.md)

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://vgwb.discourse.group/t/fr-02-the-school-system/24/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1233127135#gid=1233127135)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/FR_02%20Angers%20School/FR_02%20Angers%20School%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Angers

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Culture (x3)
  - Education (x3)

## Topics
- [French School](../topics/index.md#frenchschool)
- [About Math](../topics/index.md#maths)


## Cards
**[Pismo odręczne](../cards/index.md#concept_cursive_writing)**  
Specjalny sposób pisania, w którym wszystkie litery w słowie są połączone. We Francji dzieci uczą się tego sposobu pisania w szkole.  

**[Koło](../cards/index.md#fr_figure_circle)**  
Okrągły kształt bez rogów. Koła wyglądają jak koła, piłki i monety!  

**[Linia](../cards/index.md#fr_figure_line)**  
Linia prosta, która prowadzi z jednego punktu do drugiego. Linie mogą być długie lub krótkie.  

**[Trójkąt](../cards/index.md#fr_figure_triangle)**  
Kształt z trzema prostymi bokami i trzema narożnikami. Trójkąty wyglądają jak kawałki pizzy!  

**[Kompas](../cards/index.md#math_compass)**  
Narzędzie, które pomaga rysować idealne okręgi. Ma dwie nogi jak nożyczki.  

**[Linijka](../cards/index.md#math_ruler)**  
Proste narzędzie do pomiaru długości przedmiotów. Linijki mają cyfry i linie.  

**[Kwadrat](../cards/index.md#math_setsquare)**  
Narzędzie w kształcie trójkąta, służące do rysowania linii prostych i kątów prostych w matematyce.  

**[Torba szkolna](../cards/index.md#school_bag)**  
Torba, w której uczniowie noszą do szkoły książki, ołówki i prace domowe.  

**[Karta świeckości](../cards/index.md#concept_charter_of_secularism)**  
Zbiór zasad szanujących przekonania każdego. Pomaga ludziom żyć razem w pokoju.  

**[Collège we Francji](../cards/index.md#education_college_fr)**  
Szkoła średnia we Francji dla dzieci w wieku od 11 do 15 lat. Uczniowie uczą się wielu przedmiotów i przygotowują się do szkoły średniej.  

**[Menu stołówki](../cards/index.md#object_canteen_menu)**  
Lista pokazująca, co możesz zjeść w szkolnym lunchu. Pomoże Ci wybrać, co zjeść!  

**[Klasa](../cards/index.md#place_classroom)**  
Pomieszczenie w szkole, w którym uczniowie siedzą i uczą się nowych rzeczy od nauczyciela.  

**[Liceum we Francji](../cards/index.md#education_lycee_fr)**  
Szkoła średnia we Francji dla nastolatków w wieku od 16 do 18 lat. Uczniowie intensywnie przygotowują się do egzaminu maturalnego, aby móc iść na uniwersytet.  

**[Szkoła Maternelle](../cards/index.md#education_ecole_maternelle_fr)**  
Szkoła dla małych dzieci w wieku od 3 do 5 lat. Uczysz się poprzez zabawę i odkrywanie.  

**[Szkoła podstawowa we Francji](../cards/index.md#education_ecole_primaire_fr)**  
Szkoła dla dzieci w wieku od 6 do 10 lat. Uczysz się czytania, pisania i liczenia.  

## Words
- water
## Activities
- [Match](../activities/index.md#Match)

## Tasks
- [Collect] TASK_BACKPACK
- [Collect] TASK_BACKPACK
- [Interact] TASK_SCHOOL
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 20
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content, design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)

## Game Design Notes

The cat goes to different places until he finds his school. Then he visits the school and finds his class.

### Content
School system : the cats goes a lycée (16-18 ans), to a collège (11-15 ans), to a école maternelle (3-5 ans) and finally goes to an école primaire (6-10 ans), that corresponds to his age, called Jules Verne

A typical day at school

- Morning childcare = garderie du matin
- arrival at the school gate = le portail
- work in class with different subjects/matières : maths, reading & writing
- morning playtime (récréation) on the playground (la cour) 
- lunch at the canteen (la cantine) or at home (à la maison)
- school work with different subjects/matières : PE = EPS (éducation physique et - sportive),  hist/geog = histoire/géographie,  science = sciences, arts= art
- evening childcare = garderie du soir / homework support = aide aux devoirs

School levels with level names and age (CP–6 ans / CE1-7 ans / CE2-8 ans /CM1-9 ans / CM2–10 ans).

### Knowledge content
The French School System: Kids learn the names, age groups, and order of the main schools:

- École Maternelle (3-5 years old)
- École Primaire (6-10 years old) - 5 years total.
- Collège (11-15 years old)
- Lycée (16-18 years old)

**The Baccalauréat**: Kids learn that the Lycée prepares you for a final diploma called le Baccalauréat, which is needed for university.

**Classroom Life**: Kids learn that French students learn to write in cursive, have playtime (la récréation) in the morning and afternoon, and study things like geometry.

**Cultural Values**: Introduction to the principles of French public schools via the national motto and the Charter of Secularism.



---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_02-script.pl.md)
