docs/discover/quest/fr_09.md, before:

---
title: The Colors of the Marseille Market (fr_09)
hide:
---

# The Colors of the Marseille Market (fr_09)
[Quest Index](./index.md) - Language: english - [french](./fr_09.fr.md) - [polish](./fr_09.pl.md) - [italian](./fr_09.it.md)

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Marseille

Visit the vibrant Old Port of Marseille! Learn polite French phrases as you shop for the ingredients to a famous local dish, bouillabaisse.

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Culture (x6)
  - History (x6)


## Cards
**[Fishmonger](../cards/index.md#person_fishmonger)**  
A person who sells fresh fish and seafood.  

**[Cheesemonger](../cards/index.md#person_cheesemonger)**  
A person who sells many types of cheese.  

**[Baker](../cards/index.md#person_baker)**  
A person who makes bread, cakes, and pastries.  

**[Greengrocer](../cards/index.md#person_greengrocer)**  
A person who sells fresh fruit and vegetables.  

**[Grocer](../cards/index.md#person_grocer)**  
A person who sells many kinds of food and drinks.  

**[FISH](../cards/index.md#food_fish)**  
An animal that lives and swims in water. Fish have fins and gills to breathe underwater.  

**[BREAD](../cards/index.md#food_bread)**  
A yummy food made from flour and water. You can make sandwiches with bread!  

**[Crab](../cards/index.md#food_crab)**  
A sea animal with big claws and a hard shell. Crabs walk sideways on the beach!  

**[Lemon](../cards/index.md#food_lemon)**  
A yellow fruit that tastes very sour. Lemons are used to make lemonade!  

**[Milk](../cards/index.md#food_milk)**  
A white drink that comes from cows. Milk helps your bones and teeth grow strong!  

**[Olive oil](../cards/index.md#food_olive_oil)**  
A special oil made from olives. People use it for cooking tasty food.  

**[Orange](../cards/index.md#food_orange)**  
A round, orange fruit that tastes sweet and juicy. Oranges have lots of vitamin C!  

**[Pepper Salt](../cards/index.md#food_pepper_salt)**  
Spices that make food taste better. Salt is white and pepper is black with tiny pieces.  

**[Tomato](../cards/index.md#food_tomato)**  
A red, round fruit that grows on plants. Tomatoes are used to make pizza sauce!  

**[French Pirates](../cards/index.md#pirates)**  
Brave sailors who sailed the seas for the King of France. They were called corsairs and protected French ships from enemies.  

**[Euro Currency](../cards/index.md#currency_euro)**  
Money used in many countries in Europe. You can buy toys and ice cream with euros!  

**[Bouillabaisse](../cards/index.md#bouillabaisse)**  
A special fish soup from Marseille in southern France. It's made with many different types of fish and has a delicious smell!  

## Words
## Activities
- [MoneyCount](../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [Match](../activities/index.md#Match)
- [JigsawPuzzle](../activities/index.md#JigsawPuzzle)

## Tasks
- [Collect] COLLECT_THE_INGREDIENTS
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 15
- Kind:
  - Seek
  - Puzzles
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content, design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)
- Valeria Passarella (Italy) (design)

## Game Design
**Title**: The Colors of the Marseille Market

**Short Description:**  
Visit the vibrant Old Port of Marseille! Learn polite French phrases as you shop for the ingredients to a famous local dish, bouillabaisse, and discover the famous artists who were inspired by the light of the Côte d'Azur.

### Mission
The player is given a shopping list by a chef and must navigate a bustling French market to buy the correct ingredients. The core gameplay involves interacting with various vendors. For each interaction, the player must use polite phrases ("Bonjour," "Merci") and decide whether to purchase the vendor's goods based on the shopping list. The quest is completed by successfully gathering all ingredients.


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_09-script.md)

Commit message:

every quest now has it's discussion forum on Discourse and activities have images and descriptions

docs/discover/quest/fr_09.md, after:

---
title: The Colors of the Marseille Market (fr_09)
hide:
---

# The Colors of the Marseille Market (fr_09)
[Quest Index](./index.md) - Language: english - [french](./fr_09.fr.md) - [polish](./fr_09.pl.md) - [italian](./fr_09.it.md)

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://vgwb.discourse.group/t/fr-09-the-colors-of-the-marseille-market/28/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1233127135#gid=1233127135)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/FR_09%20Food%20&%20Market/FR_09%20Food%20&%20Market%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Marseille

Visit the vibrant Old Port of Marseille! Learn polite French phrases as you shop for the ingredients to a famous local dish, bouillabaisse.

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Culture (x6)
  - History (x6)

## Topics
- [Marketers](../topics/index.md#marketers)
- [Bouillabaisse](../topics/index.md#bouillabaisse)


## Cards
**[Fishmonger](../cards/index.md#person_fishmonger)**  
A person who sells fresh fish and seafood.  

**[Cheesemonger](../cards/index.md#person_cheesemonger)**  
A person who sells many types of cheese.  

**[Baker](../cards/index.md#person_baker)**  
A person who makes bread, cakes, and pastries.  

**[Greengrocer](../cards/index.md#person_greengrocer)**  
A person who sells fresh fruit and vegetables.  

**[Grocer](../cards/index.md#person_grocer)**  
A person who sells many kinds of food and drinks.  

**[FISH](../cards/index.md#food_fish)**  
An animal that lives and swims in water. Fish have fins and gills to breathe underwater.  

**[BREAD](../cards/index.md#food_bread)**  
A yummy food made from flour and water. You can make sandwiches with bread!  

**[Crab](../cards/index.md#food_crab)**  
A sea animal with big claws and a hard shell. Crabs walk sideways on the beach!  

**[Lemon](../cards/index.md#food_lemon)**  
A yellow fruit that tastes very sour. Lemons are used to make lemonade!  

**[Milk](../cards/index.md#food_milk)**  
A white drink that comes from cows. Milk helps your bones and teeth grow strong!  

**[Olive oil](../cards/index.md#food_olive_oil)**  
A special oil made from olives. People use it for cooking tasty food.  

**[Orange](../cards/index.md#food_orange)**  
A round, orange fruit that tastes sweet and juicy. Oranges have lots of vitamin C!  

**[Pepper Salt](../cards/index.md#food_pepper_salt)**  
Spices that make food taste better. Salt is white and pepper is black with tiny pieces.  

**[Tomato](../cards/index.md#food_tomato)**  
A red, round fruit that grows on plants. Tomatoes are used to make pizza sauce!  

**[French Pirates](../cards/index.md#pirates)**  
Brave sailors who sailed the seas for the King of France. They were called corsairs and protected French ships from enemies.  

**[Euro Currency](../cards/index.md#currency_euro)**  
Money used in many countries in Europe. You can buy toys and ice cream with euros!  

**[Bouillabaisse](../cards/index.md#bouillabaisse)**  
A special fish soup from Marseille in southern France. It's made with many different types of fish and has a delicious smell!  

## Words
## Activities
- [MoneyCount](../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [MoneyCount](../activities/index.md#MoneyCount)
- [Match](../activities/index.md#Match)
- [JigsawPuzzle](../activities/index.md#JigsawPuzzle)

## Tasks
- [Collect] COLLECT_THE_INGREDIENTS
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 15
- Kind:
  - Seek
  - Puzzles
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content, design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)
- Valeria Passarella (Italy) (design)

## Game Design
**Title**: The Colors of the Marseille Market

**Short Description:**  
Visit the vibrant Old Port of Marseille! Learn polite French phrases as you shop for the ingredients to a famous local dish, bouillabaisse, and discover the famous artists who were inspired by the light of the Côte d'Azur.

### Mission
The player is given a shopping list by a chef and must navigate a bustling French market to buy the correct ingredients. The core gameplay involves interacting with various vendors. For each interaction, the player must use polite phrases ("Bonjour," "Merci") and decide whether to purchase the vendor's goods based on the shopping list. The quest is completed by successfully gathering all ingredients.


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_09-script.md)
