docs/discover/quest/fr_10.md, before:

---
title: Paris Seine (fr_10)
hide:
---

# Paris Seine (fr_10)
[Quest Index](./index.md) - Language: english - [french](./fr_10.fr.md) - [polish](./fr_10.pl.md) - [italian](./fr_10.it.md)

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Paris

Let’s discover the main river of France

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Environment (x5)
  - Geography (x5)


## Cards
**[Bridge for cars](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_cars)**  
A road that goes over water so cars can drive across rivers and lakes.  

**[Footbridges](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_people)**  
Small bridges for people walking. They keep you safe from traffic.  

**[Bridge for trains](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_trains)**  
A special bridge built strong enough for heavy trains to cross over water.  

**[River boat](../cards/index.md#boat_river)**  
A boat that travels on rivers. Rivers are like roads made of water!  

**[Seine River Boat](../cards/index.md#boat_eiffel_tower)**  
A special boat that sails on the Seine River in Paris. You can see the Eiffel Tower and other beautiful buildings from the water!  

**[Pont Alexandre III](../cards/index.md#pont_alexandre_iii)**  
A beautiful bridge in Paris with fancy decorations and golden statues on it.  

**[Seine](../cards/index.md#seine)**  
A 777-kilometre-long river in northern France  

**[Map of Seine River](../cards/index.md#seine_map)**  
A picture that shows the Seine River and where it flows through the land.  

**[Map of Seine in Paris](../cards/index.md#seine_map_in_paris)**  
A picture that shows how the Seine River flows through the city of Paris.  

## Words
## Activities
- ActivityConfig

## Tasks
- None
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 10
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content, design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)

## Teachers Resources
### Didactical content

1. How to recognize a **sign** indicating a river or a waterway?
2. The Seine is spanned by many bridges. Some are very famous. There are 37 bridges on the Seine.
   - there are **bridges for cars**  
   - there are **footbridges**  
   - there are **bridges for trains and metros**
3. On the Seine, you can see all kinds of **boats**. There are boats:
   - with large windows so that tourists can see the city, the ''**bâteaux  mouches**''  
   - to live, the **barges**  
   - to transport goods  
4. The Seine flows into the English Channel, north of France

### Video

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RGOFuzdol9Q?si=rGWg53DhcCsMiMdi" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

👉🏼 [Seine River Cruise in Paris, France ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGOFuzdol9Q)

### Map

👉🏼 [Seine Map](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seine#/map/0)

### Activities

![activities](https://tulamama.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/Park-Maze.jpg)


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_10-script.md)

Commit message:

every quest now has it's discussion forum on Discourse and activities have images and descriptions

docs/discover/quest/fr_10.md, after:

---
title: Paris Seine (fr_10)
hide:
---

# Paris Seine (fr_10)
[Quest Index](./index.md) - Language: english - [french](./fr_10.fr.md) - [polish](./fr_10.pl.md) - [italian](./fr_10.it.md)

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://vgwb.discourse.group/t/fr-10-paris-seine/29/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1233127135#gid=1233127135)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/FR_10%20Paris%20Seine/FR_10%20Paris%20Seine%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Paris

Let’s discover the main river of France

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Environment (x5)
  - Geography (x5)

## Topics
- [Seine Bridges](../topics/index.md#seine_bridges)


## Cards
**[Bridge for cars](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_cars)**  
A road that goes over water so cars can drive across rivers and lakes.  

**[Footbridges](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_people)**  
Small bridges for people walking. They keep you safe from traffic.  

**[Bridge for trains](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_trains)**  
A special bridge built strong enough for heavy trains to cross over water.  

**[River boat](../cards/index.md#boat_river)**  
A boat that travels on rivers. Rivers are like roads made of water!  

**[Seine River Boat](../cards/index.md#boat_eiffel_tower)**  
A special boat that sails on the Seine River in Paris. You can see the Eiffel Tower and other beautiful buildings from the water!  

**[Pont Alexandre III](../cards/index.md#pont_alexandre_iii)**  
A beautiful bridge in Paris with fancy decorations and golden statues on it.  

**[Seine](../cards/index.md#seine)**  
A 777-kilometre-long river in northern France  

**[Map of Seine River](../cards/index.md#seine_map)**  
A picture that shows the Seine River and where it flows through the land.  

**[Map of Seine in Paris](../cards/index.md#seine_map_in_paris)**  
A picture that shows how the Seine River flows through the city of Paris.  

## Words
## Activities
- Antura.Discover.Activities.ActivityConfig

## Tasks
- None
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 10
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content, design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)

## Teachers Resources
### Didactical content

1. How to recognize a **sign** indicating a river or a waterway?
2. The Seine is spanned by many bridges. Some are very famous. There are 37 bridges on the Seine.
   - there are **bridges for cars**  
   - there are **footbridges**  
   - there are **bridges for trains and metros**
3. On the Seine, you can see all kinds of **boats**. There are boats:
   - with large windows so that tourists can see the city, the ''**bâteaux  mouches**''  
   - to live, the **barges**  
   - to transport goods  
4. The Seine flows into the English Channel, north of France

### Video

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RGOFuzdol9Q?si=rGWg53DhcCsMiMdi" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

👉🏼 [Seine River Cruise in Paris, France ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGOFuzdol9Q)

### Map

👉🏼 [Seine Map](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seine#/map/0)

### Activities

![activities](https://tulamama.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/Park-Maze.jpg)


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_10-script.md)
