docs/discover/quest/fr_10.it.md, before:

---
title: Parigi Senna (fr_10)
hide:
---

# Parigi Senna (fr_10)
[Quest Index](./index.it.md) - Language: [english](./fr_10.md) - [french](./fr_10.fr.md) - [polish](./fr_10.pl.md) - italian

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Parigi

Scopriamo il fiume principale della Francia

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Environment (x5)
  - Geography (x5)


## Cards
**[Ponte per auto](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_cars)**  
Una strada che attraversa l'acqua, consentendo alle auto di attraversare fiumi e laghi.  

**[Passerelle](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_people)**  
Piccoli ponti per i pedoni. Ti proteggono dal traffico.  

**[Ponte per treni](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_trains)**  
Un ponte speciale costruito in modo sufficientemente robusto da consentire ai treni pesanti di attraversare l'acqua.  

**[barca fluviale](../cards/index.md#boat_river)**  
Una barca che naviga sui fiumi. I fiumi sono come strade fatte d'acqua!  

**[Battello sulla Senna](../cards/index.md#boat_eiffel_tower)**  
Un'imbarcazione speciale che naviga sulla Senna a Parigi. Dall'acqua si possono ammirare la Torre Eiffel e altri splendidi edifici!  

**[Ponte Alessandro III](../cards/index.md#pont_alexandre_iii)**  
Uno splendido ponte di Parigi con decorazioni fantasiose e statue dorate.  

**[Senna](../cards/index.md#seine)**  
Un fiume lungo 777 chilometri nel nord della Francia  

**[Mappa della Senna](../cards/index.md#seine_map)**  
Un'immagine che mostra la Senna e il suo percorso attraverso il territorio.  

**[Mappa della Senna a Parigi](../cards/index.md#seine_map_in_paris)**  
Un'immagine che mostra come la Senna scorre attraverso la città di Parigi.  

## Words
## Activities
- ActivityConfig

## Tasks
- None
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 10
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content, design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)

## Teachers Resources
### Didactical content

1. How to recognize a **sign** indicating a river or a waterway?
2. The Seine is spanned by many bridges. Some are very famous. There are 37 bridges on the Seine.
   - there are **bridges for cars**  
   - there are **footbridges**  
   - there are **bridges for trains and metros**
3. On the Seine, you can see all kinds of **boats**. There are boats:
   - with large windows so that tourists can see the city, the ''**bâteaux  mouches**''  
   - to live, the **barges**  
   - to transport goods  
4. The Seine flows into the English Channel, north of France

### Video

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RGOFuzdol9Q?si=rGWg53DhcCsMiMdi" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

👉🏼 [Seine River Cruise in Paris, France ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGOFuzdol9Q)

### Map

👉🏼 [Seine Map](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seine#/map/0)

### Activities

![activities](https://tulamama.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/Park-Maze.jpg)


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_10-script.it.md)

Commit message:

every quest now has it's discussion forum on Discourse and activities have images and descriptions

docs/discover/quest/fr_10.it.md, after:

---
title: Parigi Senna (fr_10)
hide:
---

# Parigi Senna (fr_10)
[Quest Index](./index.it.md) - Language: [english](./fr_10.md) - [french](./fr_10.fr.md) - [polish](./fr_10.pl.md) - italian

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://vgwb.discourse.group/t/fr-10-paris-seine/29/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1233127135#gid=1233127135)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/FR_10%20Paris%20Seine/FR_10%20Paris%20Seine%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Parigi

Scopriamo il fiume principale della Francia

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Environment (x5)
  - Geography (x5)

## Topics
- [Seine Bridges](../topics/index.md#seine_bridges)


## Cards
**[Ponte per auto](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_cars)**  
Una strada che attraversa l'acqua, consentendo alle auto di attraversare fiumi e laghi.  

**[Passerelle](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_people)**  
Piccoli ponti per i pedoni. Ti proteggono dal traffico.  

**[Ponte per treni](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_trains)**  
Un ponte speciale costruito in modo sufficientemente robusto da consentire ai treni pesanti di attraversare l'acqua.  

**[barca fluviale](../cards/index.md#boat_river)**  
Una barca che naviga sui fiumi. I fiumi sono come strade fatte d'acqua!  

**[Battello sulla Senna](../cards/index.md#boat_eiffel_tower)**  
Un'imbarcazione speciale che naviga sulla Senna a Parigi. Dall'acqua si possono ammirare la Torre Eiffel e altri splendidi edifici!  

**[Ponte Alessandro III](../cards/index.md#pont_alexandre_iii)**  
Uno splendido ponte di Parigi con decorazioni fantasiose e statue dorate.  

**[Senna](../cards/index.md#seine)**  
Un fiume lungo 777 chilometri nel nord della Francia  

**[Mappa della Senna](../cards/index.md#seine_map)**  
Un'immagine che mostra la Senna e il suo percorso attraverso il territorio.  

**[Mappa della Senna a Parigi](../cards/index.md#seine_map_in_paris)**  
Un'immagine che mostra come la Senna scorre attraverso la città di Parigi.  

## Words
## Activities
- Antura.Discover.Activities.ActivityConfig

## Tasks
- None
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 10
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content, design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)

## Teachers Resources
### Didactical content

1. How to recognize a **sign** indicating a river or a waterway?
2. The Seine is spanned by many bridges. Some are very famous. There are 37 bridges on the Seine.
   - there are **bridges for cars**  
   - there are **footbridges**  
   - there are **bridges for trains and metros**
3. On the Seine, you can see all kinds of **boats**. There are boats:
   - with large windows so that tourists can see the city, the ''**bâteaux  mouches**''  
   - to live, the **barges**  
   - to transport goods  
4. The Seine flows into the English Channel, north of France

### Video

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RGOFuzdol9Q?si=rGWg53DhcCsMiMdi" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

👉🏼 [Seine River Cruise in Paris, France ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGOFuzdol9Q)

### Map

👉🏼 [Seine Map](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seine#/map/0)

### Activities

![activities](https://tulamama.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/Park-Maze.jpg)


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_10-script.it.md)
