docs/discover/quest/fr_10.fr.md, before:

---
title: Paris Seine (fr_10)
hide:
---

# Paris Seine (fr_10)
[Quest Index](./index.fr.md) - Language: [english](./fr_10.md) - french - [polish](./fr_10.pl.md) - [italian](./fr_10.it.md)

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Paris

Découvrons le principal fleuve de France

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Environment (x5)
  - Geography (x5)


## Cards
**[Pont pour voitures](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_cars)**  
Une route qui traverse l'eau pour que les voitures puissent traverser les rivières et les lacs.  

**[Passerelles](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_people)**  
De petits ponts pour les piétons. Ils vous protègent de la circulation.  

**[Pont pour trains](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_trains)**  
Un pont spécial construit suffisamment solide pour que les trains lourds puissent traverser l'eau.  

**[bateau fluvial](../cards/index.md#boat_river)**  
Un bateau qui navigue sur les rivières. Les rivières sont comme des routes faites d'eau !  

**[Bateau sur la Seine](../cards/index.md#boat_eiffel_tower)**  
Un bateau exceptionnel qui navigue sur la Seine à Paris. Depuis l'eau, vous pourrez admirer la Tour Eiffel et d'autres magnifiques monuments !  

**[Pont Alexandre III](../cards/index.md#pont_alexandre_iii)**  
Un beau pont à Paris avec des décorations fantaisistes et des statues dorées dessus.  

**[Seine](../cards/index.md#seine)**  
Un fleuve de 777 kilomètres de long dans le nord de la France  

**[Carte de la Seine](../cards/index.md#seine_map)**  
Une image qui montre la Seine et où elle coule à travers le pays.  

**[Carte de la Seine à Paris](../cards/index.md#seine_map_in_paris)**  
Une image qui montre comment la Seine traverse la ville de Paris.  

## Words
## Activities
- ActivityConfig

## Tasks
- None
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 10
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content, design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)

## Teachers Resources
### Didactical content

1. How to recognize a **sign** indicating a river or a waterway?
2. The Seine is spanned by many bridges. Some are very famous. There are 37 bridges on the Seine.
   - there are **bridges for cars**  
   - there are **footbridges**  
   - there are **bridges for trains and metros**
3. On the Seine, you can see all kinds of **boats**. There are boats:
   - with large windows so that tourists can see the city, the ''**bâteaux  mouches**''  
   - to live, the **barges**  
   - to transport goods  
4. The Seine flows into the English Channel, north of France

### Video

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RGOFuzdol9Q?si=rGWg53DhcCsMiMdi" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

👉🏼 [Seine River Cruise in Paris, France ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGOFuzdol9Q)

### Map

👉🏼 [Seine Map](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seine#/map/0)

### Activities

![activities](https://tulamama.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/Park-Maze.jpg)


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_10-script.fr.md)

Commit message:

every quest now has it's discussion forum on Discourse and activities have images and descriptions

docs/discover/quest/fr_10.fr.md, after:

---
title: Paris Seine (fr_10)
hide:
---

# Paris Seine (fr_10)
[Quest Index](./index.fr.md) - Language: [english](./fr_10.md) - french - [polish](./fr_10.pl.md) - [italian](./fr_10.it.md)

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://vgwb.discourse.group/t/fr-10-paris-seine/29/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1233127135#gid=1233127135)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/FR_10%20Paris%20Seine/FR_10%20Paris%20Seine%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: France - Paris

Découvrons le principal fleuve de France

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Environment (x5)
  - Geography (x5)

## Topics
- [Seine Bridges](../topics/index.md#seine_bridges)


## Cards
**[Pont pour voitures](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_cars)**  
Une route qui traverse l'eau pour que les voitures puissent traverser les rivières et les lacs.  

**[Passerelles](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_people)**  
De petits ponts pour les piétons. Ils vous protègent de la circulation.  

**[Pont pour trains](../cards/index.md#place_bridge_trains)**  
Un pont spécial construit suffisamment solide pour que les trains lourds puissent traverser l'eau.  

**[bateau fluvial](../cards/index.md#boat_river)**  
Un bateau qui navigue sur les rivières. Les rivières sont comme des routes faites d'eau !  

**[Bateau sur la Seine](../cards/index.md#boat_eiffel_tower)**  
Un bateau exceptionnel qui navigue sur la Seine à Paris. Depuis l'eau, vous pourrez admirer la Tour Eiffel et d'autres magnifiques monuments !  

**[Pont Alexandre III](../cards/index.md#pont_alexandre_iii)**  
Un beau pont à Paris avec des décorations fantaisistes et des statues dorées dessus.  

**[Seine](../cards/index.md#seine)**  
Un fleuve de 777 kilomètres de long dans le nord de la France  

**[Carte de la Seine](../cards/index.md#seine_map)**  
Une image qui montre la Seine et où elle coule à travers le pays.  

**[Carte de la Seine à Paris](../cards/index.md#seine_map_in_paris)**  
Une image qui montre comment la Seine traverse la ville de Paris.  

## Words
## Activities
- Antura.Discover.Activities.ActivityConfig

## Tasks
- None
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 10
## Credits
- Anne (France) (content)
- Lucie Paillat (France) (content, design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)

## Teachers Resources
### Didactical content

1. How to recognize a **sign** indicating a river or a waterway?
2. The Seine is spanned by many bridges. Some are very famous. There are 37 bridges on the Seine.
   - there are **bridges for cars**  
   - there are **footbridges**  
   - there are **bridges for trains and metros**
3. On the Seine, you can see all kinds of **boats**. There are boats:
   - with large windows so that tourists can see the city, the ''**bâteaux  mouches**''  
   - to live, the **barges**  
   - to transport goods  
4. The Seine flows into the English Channel, north of France

### Video

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RGOFuzdol9Q?si=rGWg53DhcCsMiMdi" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

👉🏼 [Seine River Cruise in Paris, France ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGOFuzdol9Q)

### Map

👉🏼 [Seine Map](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seine#/map/0)

### Activities

![activities](https://tulamama.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/Park-Maze.jpg)


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./fr_10-script.fr.md)
