docs/discover/quest/pl_00.md, before:

---
title: The neighbors of Poland (pl_00)
hide:
---

# The neighbors of Poland (pl_00)
[Quest Index](./index.md) - Language: english - [french](./pl_00.fr.md) - [polish](./pl_00.pl.md) - [italian](./pl_00.it.md)

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: Poland

Discover the neighbours of Poland

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Culture (x11)
  - Geography (x11)
  - Community (x2)
  - Education (x2)


## Cards
**[Europe Map](../cards/index.md#concept_europe_map)**  
A map showing all the countries in Europe. You can see where France, Poland, Germany, and other countries are located.  

**[Flag of Germany](../cards/index.md#flag_germany)**  
The flag of Germany has three horizontal stripes: black, red, and yellow. Germany is famous for cars, castles, and fairy tales!  

**[Flag of Poland](../cards/index.md#flag_poland)**  
The flag of Poland has white and red horizontal stripes. Poland is famous for scientists like Copernicus and delicious pierogi!  

**[Flag of Belarus](../cards/index.md#flag_belarus)**  
The flag of Belarus has red and green horizontal stripes with beautiful traditional patterns on the side. Belarus is Poland's neighbor.  

**[Flag of Lithuania](../cards/index.md#flag_lithuania)**  
The flag has yellow, green, and red horizontal stripes. Lithuania is a Baltic country with beautiful forests and beaches.  

**[Flag of Russia](../cards/index.md#flag_russia)**  
A flag with white, blue, and red stripes. It represents the country of Russia.  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- [Collect] FIND_polish_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_GERMAN_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_belarusian_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_czech_republic_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_lithuania_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_ukraine_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_slovakia_FLAG
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Easy
- Duration (min): 15
## Credits
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)
- Vieri Toti (Italy) (design, development)

## Game Design
Comprehensive Polish geography introduction.

### Knowledge Content

**European Geography:** learn the 8 countries that border mainland Poland and their capitals

- Belarus
- Czech Republic
- Germany
- Lithuania
- Russia
- Slovakia
- Ukraine

**Vexillology (the study of flags)**: recognize the flags of these 8 nations and learn to identify them based on color and pattern descriptions.

**Cultural Snippets:** learn a simple greeting in each country.


---

Commit message:

every quest now has it's discussion forum on Discourse and activities have images and descriptions

docs/discover/quest/pl_00.md, after:

---
title: The neighbors of Poland (pl_00)
hide:
---

# The neighbors of Poland (pl_00)
[Quest Index](./index.md) - Language: english - [french](./pl_00.fr.md) - [polish](./pl_00.pl.md) - [italian](./pl_00.it.md)

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://vgwb.discourse.group/t/pl-00-the-neighbors-of-poland/31/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1233127135#gid=1233127135)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/PL_00%20Geo%20Poland/PL_00%20Geo%20Poland%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: Poland - Poland

Discover the neighbours of Poland

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Culture (x11)
  - Geography (x11)
  - Community (x2)
  - Education (x2)

## Topics
- [Poland country](../topics/index.md#poland)
- [Flags France](../topics/index.md#flags)


## Cards
**[Europe Map](../cards/index.md#concept_europe_map)**  
A map showing all the countries in Europe. You can see where France, Poland, Germany, and other countries are located.  

**[Flag of Germany](../cards/index.md#flag_germany)**  
The flag of Germany has three horizontal stripes: black, red, and yellow. Germany is famous for cars, castles, and fairy tales!  

**[Flag of Poland](../cards/index.md#flag_poland)**  
The flag of Poland has white and red horizontal stripes. Poland is famous for scientists like Copernicus and delicious pierogi!  

**[Flag of Belarus](../cards/index.md#flag_belarus)**  
The flag of Belarus has red and green horizontal stripes with beautiful traditional patterns on the side. Belarus is Poland's neighbor.  

**[Flag of Lithuania](../cards/index.md#flag_lithuania)**  
The flag has yellow, green, and red horizontal stripes. Lithuania is a Baltic country with beautiful forests and beaches.  

**[Flag of Russia](../cards/index.md#flag_russia)**  
A flag with white, blue, and red stripes. It represents the country of Russia.  

**[Flag of Czech Republic](../cards/index.md#flag_czech_republic)**  
The flag has white and red stripes with a blue triangle. The Czech Republic is famous for beautiful Prague castle and crystal glass.  

**[Flag of Ukraine](../cards/index.md#flag_ukraine)**  
A flag with blue and yellow colors like the sky and sun. It represents the country of Ukraine.  

**[Flag of Slovakia](../cards/index.md#flag_slovakia)**  
A flag with white, blue, and red colors. It represents the country of Slovakia.  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- [Collect] FIND_polish_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_GERMAN_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_belarusian_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_czech_republic_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_lithuania_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_ukraine_FLAG
- [Collect] FIND_slovakia_FLAG
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Easy
- Duration (min): 15
## Credits
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)
- Vieri Toti (Italy) (design, development)

## Game Design
Comprehensive Polish geography introduction.

### Knowledge Content

**European Geography:** learn the 8 countries that border mainland Poland and their capitals

- Belarus
- Czech Republic
- Germany
- Lithuania
- Russia
- Slovakia
- Ukraine

**Vexillology (the study of flags)**: recognize the flags of these 8 nations and learn to identify them based on color and pattern descriptions.

**Cultural Snippets:** learn a simple greeting in each country.


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./pl_00-script.md)
