docs/discover/quest/pl_07.it.md, before:

---
title: Copernico e il sistema solare (pl_07)
hide:
---

# Copernico e il sistema solare (pl_07)
[Quest Index](./index.it.md) - Language: [english](./pl_07.md) - [french](./pl_07.fr.md) - [polish](./pl_07.pl.md) - italian

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: Poland - Torun

Scopri chi era Niccolò Copernico e gli 8 pianeti del sistema solare

## Content
Subjects: 



## Cards
**[Casa di Niccolò Copernico](../cards/index.md#nicolaus_copernicus_house)**  
Ora è un museo dove è possibile scoprire di più sulla sua vita e sui suoi successi scientifici.  

**[Astronomia](../cards/index.md#astronomy)**  
La scienza che studia il Sole, la Luna, le stelle e i pianeti.  

**[Terra](../cards/index.md#earth)**  
Il nostro pianeta natale con terra, aria e acqua.  

**[Oculare](../cards/index.md#eyepiece)**  
La piccola lente attraverso cui si guarda in un telescopio.  

**[Modello eliocentrico](../cards/index.md#heliocentric_model)**  
L'idea che il Sole sia al centro e che i pianeti gli girino attorno.  

**[Giove](../cards/index.md#jupiter)**  
Il pianeta più grande, famoso per la Grande Macchia Rossa.  

**[Lente](../cards/index.md#lens)**  
Un pezzo di vetro o plastica trasparente che piega la luce.  

**[Marte](../cards/index.md#mars)**  
Il pianeta rosso con polvere e grandi vulcani.  

**[Mercurio](../cards/index.md#mercury)**  
Il pianeta più vicino al Sole; piccolo e molto veloce.  

**[Nettuno](../cards/index.md#neptune)**  
Il dio del mare delle vecchie storie.  

**[Niccolò Copernico](../cards/index.md#nicolaus_copernicus)**  
Un brillante scienziato polacco ha scoperto che è la Terra a girare intorno al Sole, non il contrario! Questo ha cambiato il nostro modo di concepire lo spazio.  

**[Planetario](../cards/index.md#planetarium)**  
Un luogo dove è possibile osservare il cielo e le stelle restando al chiuso.  

**[Saturno](../cards/index.md#saturn)**  
Un pianeta gigante con anelli luminosi e numerose lune.  

**[Sistema solare](../cards/index.md#solar_system)**  
Il Sole e gli otto pianeti che gli ruotano attorno.  

**[Telescopio](../cards/index.md#telescope)**  
Uno strumento che ci aiuta a vedere cose lontane nel cielo.  

**[Toruń](../cards/index.md#torun)**  
Città della Polonia in cui nacque Niccolò Copernico.  

**[Urano](../cards/index.md#uranus)**  
Un pianeta blu-verde che ruota su un lato.  

**[Venere](../cards/index.md#venus)**  
Un pianeta molto caldo ricoperto da spesse nubi.  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- (none)
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 10
## Credits
- [Jan Stasienko](mailto:jan.stasienko@dsw.edu.pl) (Poland) (content)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)

## Game Design Notes
**Mission**  
discover who Nicolaus Copernicus was and how he revolutionised science.
And did you know he was from poland?

### Knowledge
Nicolaus Copernicus and the life of a scientist in the renaissance  

- How does the telescope work?
- The 8 planets of the solar system and their names and order

### Flow
You arrive in Toruń, meeting the guide who welcomes you. He says that apparently Antura got stuck in Nicolaus Copernicus’ house and we need to help him. To do that, you first talk with Nicolaus Kopernik outside of his house – he introduces himself and says that he will help you if you help him first. He says that there is a map of a solar system that needs fixing.  
He asks you to put the planets in the correct order (ACTIVITY ORDER).  
When you do, he explains how people used to think that Earth was in the center of it and how he created the model of the Solar System that has the Sun in the center. You go with him inside of the house looking for Antura. You follow his trail and pass a telescope.  
Copernicus explains what that is and mentions what a planetarium is as well. Eventually you find Antura and take him out of there. Copernicus says he’s glad everything is okay and tells you about himself, who he is, what he’s known for.


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./pl_07-script.it.md)

Commit message:

every quest now has it's discussion forum on Discourse and activities have images and descriptions

docs/discover/quest/pl_07.it.md, after:

---
title: Copernico e il sistema solare (pl_07)
hide:
---

# Copernico e il sistema solare (pl_07)
[Quest Index](./index.it.md) - Language: [english](./pl_07.md) - [french](./pl_07.fr.md) - [polish](./pl_07.pl.md) - italian

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://vgwb.discourse.group/t/pl-07-copernicus-and-the-solar-system/38/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1233127135#gid=1233127135)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/PL_07%20Solar%20System/PL_07%20Solar%20System%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: Poland - Torun

Scopri chi era Niccolò Copernico e gli 8 pianeti del sistema solare

## Content
Subjects: 


## Topics
- [Solar System](../topics/index.md#solar_system)
- [Telescope](../topics/index.md#telescope)


## Cards
**[Casa di Niccolò Copernico](../cards/index.md#nicolaus_copernicus_house)**  
Ora è un museo dove è possibile scoprire di più sulla sua vita e sui suoi successi scientifici.  

**[Astronomia](../cards/index.md#astronomy)**  
La scienza che studia il Sole, la Luna, le stelle e i pianeti.  

**[Terra](../cards/index.md#earth)**  
Il nostro pianeta natale con terra, aria e acqua.  

**[Oculare](../cards/index.md#eyepiece)**  
La piccola lente attraverso cui si guarda in un telescopio.  

**[Modello eliocentrico](../cards/index.md#heliocentric_model)**  
L'idea che il Sole sia al centro e che i pianeti gli girino attorno.  

**[Giove](../cards/index.md#jupiter)**  
Il pianeta più grande, famoso per la Grande Macchia Rossa.  

**[Lente](../cards/index.md#lens)**  
Un pezzo di vetro o plastica trasparente che piega la luce.  

**[Marte](../cards/index.md#mars)**  
Il pianeta rosso con polvere e grandi vulcani.  

**[Mercurio](../cards/index.md#mercury)**  
Il pianeta più vicino al Sole; piccolo e molto veloce.  

**[Nettuno](../cards/index.md#neptune)**  
Il dio del mare delle vecchie storie.  

**[Niccolò Copernico](../cards/index.md#nicolaus_copernicus)**  
Un brillante scienziato polacco ha scoperto che è la Terra a girare intorno al Sole, non il contrario! Questo ha cambiato il nostro modo di concepire lo spazio.  

**[Planetario](../cards/index.md#planetarium)**  
Un luogo dove è possibile osservare il cielo e le stelle restando al chiuso.  

**[Saturno](../cards/index.md#saturn)**  
Un pianeta gigante con anelli luminosi e numerose lune.  

**[Sistema solare](../cards/index.md#solar_system)**  
Il Sole e gli otto pianeti che gli ruotano attorno.  

**[Telescopio](../cards/index.md#telescope)**  
Uno strumento che ci aiuta a vedere cose lontane nel cielo.  

**[Toruń](../cards/index.md#torun)**  
Città della Polonia in cui nacque Niccolò Copernico.  

**[Urano](../cards/index.md#uranus)**  
Un pianeta blu-verde che ruota su un lato.  

**[Venere](../cards/index.md#venus)**  
Un pianeta molto caldo ricoperto da spesse nubi.  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- (none)
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 10
## Credits
- [Jan Stasienko](mailto:jan.stasienko@dsw.edu.pl) (Poland) (content)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)

## Game Design Notes
**Mission**  
discover who Nicolaus Copernicus was and how he revolutionised science.
And did you know he was from poland?

### Knowledge
Nicolaus Copernicus and the life of a scientist in the renaissance  

- How does the telescope work?
- The 8 planets of the solar system and their names and order

### Flow
You arrive in Toruń, meeting the guide who welcomes you. He says that apparently Antura got stuck in Nicolaus Copernicus’ house and we need to help him. To do that, you first talk with Nicolaus Kopernik outside of his house – he introduces himself and says that he will help you if you help him first. He says that there is a map of a solar system that needs fixing.  
He asks you to put the planets in the correct order (ACTIVITY ORDER).  
When you do, he explains how people used to think that Earth was in the center of it and how he created the model of the Solar System that has the Sun in the center. You go with him inside of the house looking for Antura. You follow his trail and pass a telescope.  
Copernicus explains what that is and mentions what a planetarium is as well. Eventually you find Antura and take him out of there. Copernicus says he’s glad everything is okay and tells you about himself, who he is, what he’s known for.


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./pl_07-script.it.md)
