docs/discover/quest/pl_07.md, before:

---
title: Copernicus and the Solar System (pl_07)
hide:
---

# Copernicus and the Solar System (pl_07)
[Quest Index](./index.md) - Language: english - [french](./pl_07.fr.md) - [polish](./pl_07.pl.md) - [italian](./pl_07.it.md)

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: Poland - Torun

Discover who Nicolaus Copernicus was and the 8 planets of the solar system

## Content
Subjects: 



## Cards
**[Nicolaus Copernicus’ House](../cards/index.md#nicolaus_copernicus_house)**  
It’s now a museum where you can learn about his life and scientific achievements.  

**[Astronomy](../cards/index.md#astronomy)**  
The science of studying the Sun, Moon, stars, and planets.  

**[Earth](../cards/index.md#earth)**  
Our home planet with land, air, and water.  

**[Eyepiece](../cards/index.md#eyepiece)**  
The small lens you look through on a telescope.  

**[Heliocentric Model](../cards/index.md#heliocentric_model)**  
The idea that the Sun is in the center and planets go around it.  

**[Jupiter](../cards/index.md#jupiter)**  
The biggest planet, famous for the Great Red Spot.  

**[Lens](../cards/index.md#lens)**  
A clear piece of glass or plastic that bends light.  

**[Mars](../cards/index.md#mars)**  
The red planet with dust and big volcanoes.  

**[Mercury](../cards/index.md#mercury)**  
The closest planet to the Sun; small and very fast.  

**[Neptune](../cards/index.md#neptune)**  
The sea god from old stories.  

**[Nicolaus Copernicus](../cards/index.md#nicolaus_copernicus)**  
A brilliant scientist from Poland who discovered that the Earth goes around the Sun, not the other way around! This changed how we understand space.  

**[Planetarium](../cards/index.md#planetarium)**  
A place where you can see the sky and stars indoors.  

**[Saturn](../cards/index.md#saturn)**  
A giant planet with bright rings and many moons.  

**[Solar System](../cards/index.md#solar_system)**  
The Sun and the eight planets that travel around it.  

**[Telescope](../cards/index.md#telescope)**  
A tool that helps us see far‑away things in the sky.  

**[Toruń](../cards/index.md#torun)**  
A city in Poland where Nicolaus Copernicus was born.  

**[Uranus](../cards/index.md#uranus)**  
A blue‑green planet that spins on its side.  

**[Venus](../cards/index.md#venus)**  
A very hot planet covered by thick clouds.  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- (none)
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 10
## Credits
- [Jan Stasienko](mailto:jan.stasienko@dsw.edu.pl) (Poland) (content)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)

## Game Design Notes
**Mission**  
discover who Nicolaus Copernicus was and how he revolutionised science.
And did you know he was from poland?

### Knowledge
Nicolaus Copernicus and the life of a scientist in the renaissance  

- How does the telescope work?
- The 8 planets of the solar system and their names and order

### Flow
You arrive in Toruń, meeting the guide who welcomes you. He says that apparently Antura got stuck in Nicolaus Copernicus’ house and we need to help him. To do that, you first talk with Nicolaus Kopernik outside of his house – he introduces himself and says that he will help you if you help him first. He says that there is a map of a solar system that needs fixing.  
He asks you to put the planets in the correct order (ACTIVITY ORDER).  
When you do, he explains how people used to think that Earth was in the center of it and how he created the model of the Solar System that has the Sun in the center. You go with him inside of the house looking for Antura. You follow his trail and pass a telescope.  
Copernicus explains what that is and mentions what a planetarium is as well. Eventually you find Antura and take him out of there. Copernicus says he’s glad everything is okay and tells you about himself, who he is, what he’s known for.


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./pl_07-script.md)

Commit message:

every quest now has it's discussion forum on Discourse and activities have images and descriptions

docs/discover/quest/pl_07.md, after:

---
title: Copernicus and the Solar System (pl_07)
hide:
---

# Copernicus and the Solar System (pl_07)
[Quest Index](./index.md) - Language: english - [french](./pl_07.fr.md) - [polish](./pl_07.pl.md) - [italian](./pl_07.it.md)

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://vgwb.discourse.group/t/pl-07-copernicus-and-the-solar-system/38/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1233127135#gid=1233127135)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/PL_07%20Solar%20System/PL_07%20Solar%20System%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: Poland - Torun

Discover who Nicolaus Copernicus was and the 8 planets of the solar system

## Content
Subjects: 


## Topics
- [Solar System](../topics/index.md#solar_system)
- [Telescope](../topics/index.md#telescope)


## Cards
**[Nicolaus Copernicus’ House](../cards/index.md#nicolaus_copernicus_house)**  
It’s now a museum where you can learn about his life and scientific achievements.  

**[Astronomy](../cards/index.md#astronomy)**  
The science of studying the Sun, Moon, stars, and planets.  

**[Earth](../cards/index.md#earth)**  
Our home planet with land, air, and water.  

**[Eyepiece](../cards/index.md#eyepiece)**  
The small lens you look through on a telescope.  

**[Heliocentric Model](../cards/index.md#heliocentric_model)**  
The idea that the Sun is in the center and planets go around it.  

**[Jupiter](../cards/index.md#jupiter)**  
The biggest planet, famous for the Great Red Spot.  

**[Lens](../cards/index.md#lens)**  
A clear piece of glass or plastic that bends light.  

**[Mars](../cards/index.md#mars)**  
The red planet with dust and big volcanoes.  

**[Mercury](../cards/index.md#mercury)**  
The closest planet to the Sun; small and very fast.  

**[Neptune](../cards/index.md#neptune)**  
The sea god from old stories.  

**[Nicolaus Copernicus](../cards/index.md#nicolaus_copernicus)**  
A brilliant scientist from Poland who discovered that the Earth goes around the Sun, not the other way around! This changed how we understand space.  

**[Planetarium](../cards/index.md#planetarium)**  
A place where you can see the sky and stars indoors.  

**[Saturn](../cards/index.md#saturn)**  
A giant planet with bright rings and many moons.  

**[Solar System](../cards/index.md#solar_system)**  
The Sun and the eight planets that travel around it.  

**[Telescope](../cards/index.md#telescope)**  
A tool that helps us see far‑away things in the sky.  

**[Toruń](../cards/index.md#torun)**  
A city in Poland where Nicolaus Copernicus was born.  

**[Uranus](../cards/index.md#uranus)**  
A blue‑green planet that spins on its side.  

**[Venus](../cards/index.md#venus)**  
A very hot planet covered by thick clouds.  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- (none)
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 10
## Credits
- [Jan Stasienko](mailto:jan.stasienko@dsw.edu.pl) (Poland) (content)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)

## Game Design Notes
**Mission**  
discover who Nicolaus Copernicus was and how he revolutionised science.
And did you know he was from poland?

### Knowledge
Nicolaus Copernicus and the life of a scientist in the renaissance  

- How does the telescope work?
- The 8 planets of the solar system and their names and order

### Flow
You arrive in Toruń, meeting the guide who welcomes you. He says that apparently Antura got stuck in Nicolaus Copernicus’ house and we need to help him. To do that, you first talk with Nicolaus Kopernik outside of his house – he introduces himself and says that he will help you if you help him first. He says that there is a map of a solar system that needs fixing.  
He asks you to put the planets in the correct order (ACTIVITY ORDER).  
When you do, he explains how people used to think that Earth was in the center of it and how he created the model of the Solar System that has the Sun in the center. You go with him inside of the house looking for Antura. You follow his trail and pass a telescope.  
Copernicus explains what that is and mentions what a planetarium is as well. Eventually you find Antura and take him out of there. Copernicus says he’s glad everything is okay and tells you about himself, who he is, what he’s known for.


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./pl_07-script.md)
