---
title: Le grand sauvetage des nains de Wrocław (pl_02)
hide:
---

# Le grand sauvetage des nains de Wrocław (pl_02)
[Quest Index](./index.fr.md) - Language: [english](./pl_02.md) - french - [polish](./pl_02.pl.md) - [italian](./pl_02.it.md)

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://antura.discourse.group/t/pl-02-the-great-wroclaw-dwarf-rescue/33/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1721014062#gid=1721014062)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/PL_02%20Wroclaw%20Dwarves/PL_02%20Wroclaw%20Dwarves%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: Poland - Wrocław

Explorez la belle ville de Wrocław, découvrez ses célèbres statues de nains cachées près des monuments.

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Culture (x9)
  - History (x5)
  - Community (x4)
  - Education (x2)
  - Animal (x1)

## Topics
### [Wroclaw Dwarves](../topics/index.md#wroclaw_dwarves)

  - **[Nains de Wrocław](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_dwarfs)**  
    De minuscules statues à travers la ville qui aiment jouer des tours.  
  - **[Nain amoureux des animaux](../cards/index.md#animal_lover_dwarf)**  
    Une statue naine qui aime le zoo et les animaux.  
  - **[Évêque Nain](../cards/index.md#bishop_dwarf)**  
    Une statue naine qui pose une question d'église.  
  - **[Expert nain](../cards/index.md#dwarf_expert)**  
    Un guide sympathique qui connaît tout sur les nains.  
  - **[Maître des clés nain](../cards/index.md#keymaster_dwarf)**  
    Une statue naine gardant l'ascenseur avec une grosse clé.  
  - **[Nain polonais (gnomes de Wrocław)](../cards/index.md#polish_dwarf)**  
    De petites statues de nains se cachent un peu partout à Wrocław. Les trouver est un jeu de ville amusant.  
  - **[Statue du nain de Wrocław](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_dwarf_statue)**  
    Une petite statue de la ville ; les nains sont le symbole de Wrocław.  
  - **[Wrocław](../cards/index.md#wroclaw)**  
    Une ville de Pologne avec des rivières, des ponts et de l'histoire.  

## Additional Cards
**[Salle du Centenaire](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_centennial_hall)**  
Le Centennial Hall est un immense bâtiment qui ressemble à une grande tente avec un toit. Il est très haut. À l'intérieur, vous pouvez assister à différents spectacles, écouter des concerts ou regarder des matchs.  

**[Olga Tokarczuk](../cards/index.md#olga_tokarczuk)**  
Un célèbre écrivain polonais qui vit à Wrocław.  

**[Panorama de Racławicka](../cards/index.md#panorama_racawicka)**  
Un tableau géant tout autour de vous sur une bataille historique.  

**[Sky Tower Plaza](../cards/index.md#sky_tower_plaza)**  
Une place moderne où les gens se rencontrent près de la tour.  

**[Mairie](../cards/index.md#town_hall)**  
Le lieu où les dirigeants de la ville travaillent et se rencontrent.  

**[la Vistule](../cards/index.md#vistula_river)**  
Le plus long fleuve de Pologne ; il se jette dans la mer Baltique.  

**[Wroclaw : Cathédrale](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_cathedral)**  
Une grande et importante église où l'on prie. On peut monter dans la tour pour admirer la vue.  

**[Place du marché de Wrocław](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_market_square)**  
La place principale de la vieille ville, pleine de vie.  

**[Fontaine multimédia de Wrocław](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_multimedia_fountain)**  
De l'eau qui danse avec de la musique et des lumières colorées.  

**[Ancien hôtel de ville (Wroclaw)](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_old_town_hall)**  
Un magnifique édifice gothique sur la place principale. Il possède une horloge célèbre.  

**[Wroclaw : Sky Tower](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_sky_tower)**  
L'un des plus hauts bâtiments de Pologne. Il abrite des boutiques et un point de vue.  

**[Leonardo da Vinci Primary School](../cards/index.md#primary_school_leonardo_da_vinci)**  
It’s a friendly place where children learn, create, and explore guided by curiosity, art, and science.  

**[Map of Wroklaw](../cards/index.md#wroklaw_map)**  
A simple map of Wrocław showing the Odra River with its islands and many bridges  

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./pl_02-script.fr.md)

---

## Words
## Activities
- [JigsawPuzzle](../activities/index.md#JigsawPuzzle)
- [JigsawPuzzle](../activities/index.md#JigsawPuzzle)

## Tasks
- [Collect] FIND_DWARVES
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 20
## Credits
- [Jan Stasienko](mailto:jan.stasienko@dsw.edu.pl) (Poland) (content)
- Lorenzo Castrovilli (Italy) (design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)
- Valeria Passarella (Italy) (design)
- Vieri Toti (Italy) (design)

## Game Design Notes

**Mission**  
The player must explore a stylized map of Wrocław to find 10 unique dwarf statues. The quest involves simple exploration and collection, with key educational facts delivered through interactions with major landmarks like the Old Town Hall and the Cathedral. A small quiz-like interaction at the Cathedral must be completed to collect one of the dwarves. The ultimate goal is to gather all the dwarves to unlock the Sky Tower elevator.

**Characters:**  
**The Dwarf Expert (Guide):** A friendly guide who explains the mission and the magical nature of the dwarves.  
**Special Dwarves:** The "Bishop Dwarf" who asks questions, and the "Keymaster Dwarf" who guards the elevator.  

### Knowledge Content

**Facts about Wrocław:**

- It is the third (3) biggest city in Poland.
- The dwarf is the official symbol of the city.

**Landmark Recognition:** To identify and learn about the Old Town Hall, the Cathedral, and the Sky Tower.

**Basic Definitions:** To understand that a Town Hall is where the city's leaders work and a Cathedral is a large, important church where people pray.

### Flow

**Mission**: We start on the campus of the Leonardo School. The player meets the "Dwarf Expert."

**Dwarf Expert:** "Oh no, it's terrible! Your friend Antura is stuck on the observation deck of the Sky Tower! The mischievous Wrocław dwarves locked the elevator. They love games! The only way to get them to open it is to find 10 of their friends who are hiding around the city. Will you help me find them?"

**The Hunt - Part 1 (Old Town)**
The player must find  several dwarves in fun, interactive ways (e.g., clicking on a bench to make a dwarf pop out from behind it).
In the first part we hide 7 dwarfes

**Dwarfs stories**
For each we play [Activity Jigsaw puzzle]

**Dwarf 0 - The origin of Dwarfs**
They became the symbol of Wrocław and first appeared in that context in 2003, although they were used as a resistance movement in the 1980s against the communist regime. 

"Wrocław is the city of dwarfs. You can find them everywhere: on sidewalks, in squares, and in the Wrocław Market Square. They are a big group of little city residents, like the Coach, Sleepyhead, Kind One, Firefighters, Forget-Me-Not, and many more."

**Dwarf 1: The Old Town Hall**  
The player approaches the beautiful Town Hall building. A pop-up appears: A "Councilor Dwarf" is found on the steps.

EN: "This is the magnificent Old Town Hall. It's a very old and important building where the city's leaders work."

**Dwarf 2 - The Cathedral & Quiz**  
The player reaches the Cathedral. A special "Bishop Dwarf" statue blocks the path to a collectible dwarf behind it. 
[Activity Puzzle with a dwarf]

**Dwarf 3 - ZOO Fact Integration**  
The player finds an "Animal Lover Dwarf" sitting next to a large, colorful poster that reads: "Visit the Wrocław ZOO - The Biggest in Poland!" (it’ll be Quest PL 04)

**Dwarf 4 - Centennial Hall**  
EN: The Centennial Hall is a huge building that looks like a big tent with a roof. It’s very tall. Inside, you can see different shows, listen to concerts, or watch sports games. 

**Dwarf 5 - The Wrocław Multimedia Fountain**
one of the largest operating fountains in Europe, is a multimedia musical fountain, that offers nightly displays of Multimedia Shows that use different coloured lights.

EN: The Wrocław multimedia fountain is a place where water dances to music and colorful lights. Every summer show is a beautiful story told with water and light.

**Dwarf 6 - Panorama Racławicka**
a museum in Wrocław that displays the painting by Wojciech Kossak and Jan Styka, showing the events of a battle of Raclawice. Its dimentions are 1500x11400 cm.

EN: The Racławice Panorama is a giant painting that shows a big battle. It’s so big that it goes all around you, and when you stand in the middle, you feel like you’re part of the story.

**Dwarf 7 - Olga Tokarczuk**
polish writer who was awarded with the Nobel Prize in Literature. She is living in Wrocław.
EN: In Wrocław lives Olga Tokarczuk. She is the most famous Polish writer. The characters in her books often live in Lower Silesia, the region where Wrocław is the main city.

**The Hunt - Part 2 (Sky Tower): **
After finding the first 7 dwarves,  we can enter the Sky Tower to find the final **3** hidden in the modern plaza around its base.

Unlocking the Tower:
With the Dwarf Counter showing 10/10, the player approaches the elevator doors of the Sky Tower, which are blocked by a "Keymaster Dwarf" with a giant key.

