---
title: Zoo (pl_04)
hide:
---

# Zoo (pl_04)
[Quest Index](./index.pl.md) - Language: [english](./pl_04.md) - [french](./pl_04.fr.md) - polish - [italian](./pl_04.it.md)

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: Poland - Wroclaw

Odkryj słynne wrocławskie ZOO

## Content
Subjects: 



## Cards
**[Wybieg dla zwierząt](../cards/index.md#animal_enclosure)**  
Bezpieczna przestrzeń w zoo, w której mogą żyć zwierzęta.  

**[Młode](../cards/index.md#cub)**  
Mały lew.  

**[Iglica](../cards/index.md#iglica)**  
Wysoka metalowa rzeźba obok Centennial Hall.  

**[Papuga](../cards/index.md#parrot)**  
Jasny ptak, który potrafi naśladować dźwięki.  

**[Paw](../cards/index.md#peacock)**  
Kolorowy ptak z dużym ogonem z piór.  

**[Podpisać](../cards/index.md#sign)**  
Tablica z prostymi faktami, które pomogą Ci się uczyć.  

**[Wrocław](../cards/index.md#wroclaw)**  
Miasto w Polsce z rzekami, mostami i historią.  

**[Flaga Wrocławia](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_flag)**  
Flaga miasta, którą należy znaleźć i zwrócić.  

**[Dyrektor zoo](../cards/index.md#zoo_director)**  
Osoba zarządzająca zoo i pomagająca zwiedzającym.  

**[Opiekun zoo](../cards/index.md#zoo_keeper)**  
Osoba opiekująca się zwierzętami w zoo.  

**[Ogród Zoologiczny we Wrocławiu](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_zoo)**  
Duży ogród zoologiczny we Wrocławiu, w którym można poznać wiele zwierząt.  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- (none)
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 20
- Kind:
  - Journey
## Credits
- [Jan Stasienko](mailto:jan.stasienko@dsw.edu.pl) (Poland) (content)
- Lorenzo Castrovilli (Italy) (design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)
- Valeria Passarella (Italy) (design)
- Vieri Toti (Italy) (design)

## Game Design Notes

**Mission**  
The player must act as a detective to find the missing flag of Wrocław. The core gameplay involves visiting five different animal enclosures at the ZOO. To clear each animal as a suspect, the player must complete a unique, themed mini-game. After eliminating all animal suspects, the true culprit is revealed, and the player must retrieve the flag and return it to its rightful place.

**Character**

The ZOO Director: The character who gives the mission and provides information.
The Animals: An Elephant, a Giraffe, a Lion, a Monkey, and a Penguin, each with their own personality and mini-game.

### Knowledge content
**Famous Landmarks:**   

- To recognize the Centennial Hall (a UNESCO World Heritage site), 
- the Iglica sculpture
- the Wrocław ZOO

**Animal Vocabulary & Facts:**  
To learn the names of five animals and a fun fact about each, such as:

- Elephants have excellent memories, Pachyderm = thick Skin, Largest land animal
- Giraffes are the world's tallest mammals.
- Lions are close relatives of cats that live in groups called prides.
- Monkeys are excellent climbers.
- Penguins are birds that do not fly, but they are expert swimmers.


---

