---
title: A Voyage on the Odra River (pl_03)
hide:
---

# A Voyage on the Odra River (pl_03)
[Quest Index](./index.md) - Language: english - [french](./pl_03.fr.md) - [polish](./pl_03.pl.md) - [italian](./pl_03.it.md)

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://vgwb.discourse.group/t/pl-03-a-voyage-on-the-odra-river/34/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=106202032#gid=106202032)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/PL_03%20Wroclaw%20River/PL_03%20Wroclaw%20River%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: Poland - Wroclaw

Discover the famous Odra River in Wrocław and the different types of bridges and boats that make this river a bustling artery of the city.

## Content
Subjects: 



## Cards
**[Barge](../cards/index.md#barge)**  
A long, flat boat that carries goods on rivers.  

**[Boat](../cards/index.md#boat)**  
A vehicle that moves on water.  

**[Bridge](../cards/index.md#bridge)**  
A structure that lets people or vehicles cross water.  

**[Footbridge](../cards/index.md#footbridge)**  
A bridge for people to walk on. No cars.  

**[Houseboat](../cards/index.md#houseboat)**  
A boat made to live on.  

**[Kayak](../cards/index.md#kayak)**  
A small boat you paddle.  

**[Odra River](../cards/index.md#place_odra_river)**  
A big river in western Poland. It helps ships travel and trade.  

**[Rędziński Bridge](../cards/index.md#redzinski_bridge)**  
The longest cable‑stayed bridge in Poland.  

**[Road Bridge](../cards/index.md#road_bridge)**  
A bridge for cars and buses.  

**[Train Bridge](../cards/index.md#train_bridge)**  
A bridge with tracks for trains.  

**[Tumski Bridge](../cards/index.md#tumski_bridge)**  
A famous bridge with love locks and gas lanterns.  

**[Vistula River (Wisła)](../cards/index.md#place_vistula_river)**  
The longest river in Poland is called Wisła or Vistula. It flows through Kraków and Warsaw.  

**[Wrocław Bridges](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_bridges)**  
Many bridges cross the Odra River in Wrocław.  

**[Map of Wroklaw](../cards/index.md#wroklaw_map)**  
A simple map of Wrocław showing the Odra River with its islands and many bridges  

**[Odra river map](../cards/index.md#odra_river_map)**  
A simple map that shows the Odra River in Poland and the way it flows to the Baltic Sea  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- (none)
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 20
## Credits
- [Jan Stasienko](mailto:jan.stasienko@dsw.edu.pl) (Poland) (content)
- Lorenzo Castrovilli (Italy) (design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)
- Valeria Passarella (Italy) (design)
- Vieri Toti (Italy) (design)

## Game Design Notes

Discover the famous Odra River in Wrocław and the different types of bridges and boats that make this river a bustling artery of the city.

### Knowledge Content
**River Geography:**

- The Odra is the second biggest river in Poland (after the Wisła).
- The Odra flows into the Baltic Sea.
- Learn to recognize a standard European sign indicating a river

**Urban Geography (Wrocław):**

- Wrocław has over 100 bridges.
- Bridges have different functions: for cars, pedestrians (footbridges), and trains.
- Rivers are used by different boats: for tourists, for living (houseboats), and for transporting goods (barges).

### Resources
**Rędziński Bridge**: Rędziński Bridge is the longest cable-stayed bridge in Poland, stretching across the Oder. It plays an important role in the city’s ring road system. Its modern design makes it a landmark of contemporary Wrocław.

**Tumski Bridge**: Tumski Bridge is famous for love padlocks and connects Ostrów Tumski with the city center. It’s a romantic spot for couples. In the evenings, it’s lit with gas lanterns.

**Cargo Barage**: A cargo barge is a flat-bottomed boat used to transport goods along rivers. These barges are still seen on the Oder today. They are essential for inland water transport.

**Kayaks**: Kayaks are popular for exploring Wrocław’s waterways and getting close to nature. Many people rent them for relaxing weekend trips. Paddling offers a peaceful view of the city from the water.

**Tourist Boats**: A tourist boat cruises the Oder River, offering scenic views of the city’s landmarks. It’s a great way to learn about Wrocław’s history. Guided tours are available in several languages.


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./pl_03-script.md)
