docs/discover/quest/pl_04.md, before:

---
title: The Zoo (pl_04)
hide:
---

# The Zoo (pl_04)
[Quest Index](./index.md) - Language: english - [french](./pl_04.fr.md) - [polish](./pl_04.pl.md) - [italian](./pl_04.it.md)

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: Poland - Wroclaw

Explore the famous Wrocław ZOO

## Content
Subjects: 



## Cards
**[Animal Enclosure](../cards/index.md#animal_enclosure)**  
A safe space made for animals to live at the zoo.  

**[Cub](../cards/index.md#cub)**  
A baby lion.  

**[Iglica](../cards/index.md#iglica)**  
A tall metal sculpture next to Centennial Hall.  

**[Parrot](../cards/index.md#parrot)**  
A bright bird that can copy sounds.  

**[Peacock](../cards/index.md#peacock)**  
A colorful bird with a big tail of feathers.  

**[Sign](../cards/index.md#sign)**  
A board with simple facts to help you learn.  

**[Wrocław](../cards/index.md#wroclaw)**  
A city in Poland with rivers, bridges, and history.  

**[Wrocław Flag](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_flag)**  
The city flag that must be found and returned.  

**[Zoo Director](../cards/index.md#zoo_director)**  
The person who runs the zoo and helps visitors.  

**[Zoo Keeper](../cards/index.md#zoo_keeper)**  
A person who cares for animals at the zoo.  

**[Wrocław Zoo](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_zoo)**  
A big zoo in Wrocław with many animals to learn about.  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- (none)
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 20
- Kind:
  - Journey
## Credits
- [Jan Stasienko](mailto:jan.stasienko@dsw.edu.pl) (Poland) (content)
- Lorenzo Castrovilli (Italy) (design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)
- Valeria Passarella (Italy) (design)
- Vieri Toti (Italy) (design)

## Game Design Notes

**Mission**  
The player must act as a detective to find the missing flag of Wrocław. The core gameplay involves visiting five different animal enclosures at the ZOO. To clear each animal as a suspect, the player must complete a unique, themed mini-game. After eliminating all animal suspects, the true culprit is revealed, and the player must retrieve the flag and return it to its rightful place.

**Character**

The ZOO Director: The character who gives the mission and provides information.
The Animals: An Elephant, a Giraffe, a Lion, a Monkey, and a Penguin, each with their own personality and mini-game.

### Knowledge content
**Famous Landmarks:**   

- To recognize the Centennial Hall (a UNESCO World Heritage site), 
- the Iglica sculpture
- the Wrocław ZOO

**Animal Vocabulary & Facts:**  
To learn the names of five animals and a fun fact about each, such as:

- Elephants have excellent memories, Pachyderm = thick Skin, Largest land animal
- Giraffes are the world's tallest mammals.
- Lions are close relatives of cats that live in groups called prides.
- Monkeys are excellent climbers.
- Penguins are birds that do not fly, but they are expert swimmers.


---

Commit message:

every quest now has it's discussion forum on Discourse and activities have images and descriptions

docs/discover/quest/pl_04.md, after:

---
title: The Zoo (pl_04)
hide:
---

# The Zoo (pl_04)
[Quest Index](./index.md) - Language: english - [french](./pl_04.fr.md) - [polish](./pl_04.pl.md) - [italian](./pl_04.it.md)

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://vgwb.discourse.group/t/pl-04-the-zoo/35/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1233127135#gid=1233127135)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/PL_04%20Zoo/PL_04%20Zoo%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: Poland - Wroclaw

Explore the famous Wrocław ZOO

## Content
Subjects: 



## Cards
**[Animal Enclosure](../cards/index.md#animal_enclosure)**  
A safe space made for animals to live at the zoo.  

**[Cub](../cards/index.md#cub)**  
A baby lion.  

**[Iglica](../cards/index.md#iglica)**  
A tall metal sculpture next to Centennial Hall.  

**[Parrot](../cards/index.md#parrot)**  
A bright bird that can copy sounds.  

**[Peacock](../cards/index.md#peacock)**  
A colorful bird with a big tail of feathers.  

**[Sign](../cards/index.md#sign)**  
A board with simple facts to help you learn.  

**[Wrocław](../cards/index.md#wroclaw)**  
A city in Poland with rivers, bridges, and history.  

**[Wrocław Flag](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_flag)**  
The city flag that must be found and returned.  

**[Zoo Director](../cards/index.md#zoo_director)**  
The person who runs the zoo and helps visitors.  

**[Zoo Keeper](../cards/index.md#zoo_keeper)**  
A person who cares for animals at the zoo.  

**[Wrocław Zoo](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_zoo)**  
A big zoo in Wrocław with many animals to learn about.  

**[Elephant](../cards/index.md#animal_elephant)**  
A big animal with a trunk. Elephants are the biggest animals that walk on land. They have big ears and love to spray water!  

**[Lion](../cards/index.md#animal_lion)**  
A big cat called the king of animals. It lives in groups called prides.  

**[Monkey](../cards/index.md#animal_monkey)**  
A smart animal that can climb and play. Some monkeys live in big families.  

**[Penguin](../cards/index.md#animal_penguin)**  
A bird that cannot fly but swims very well. It lives in cold places.  

## Words
## Activities
- [Memory](../activities/index.md#Memory)
- [CleanCanvas](../activities/index.md#CleanCanvas)
- [Order](../activities/index.md#Order)
- [Match](../activities/index.md#Match)
- [JigsawPuzzle](../activities/index.md#JigsawPuzzle)
- [JigsawPuzzle](../activities/index.md#JigsawPuzzle)

## Tasks
- [Collect] TASK_ANIMALS
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 20
- Kind:
  - Journey
## Credits
- [Jan Stasienko](mailto:jan.stasienko@dsw.edu.pl) (Poland) (content)
- Lorenzo Castrovilli (Italy) (design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)
- Valeria Passarella (Italy) (design)
- Vieri Toti (Italy) (design)

## Game Design Notes

**Mission**  
The player must act as a detective to find the missing flag of Wrocław. The core gameplay involves visiting five different animal enclosures at the ZOO. To clear each animal as a suspect, the player must complete a unique, themed mini-game. After eliminating all animal suspects, the true culprit is revealed, and the player must retrieve the flag and return it to its rightful place.

**Character**

The ZOO Director: The character who gives the mission and provides information.
The Animals: An Elephant, a Giraffe, a Lion, a Monkey, and a Penguin, each with their own personality and mini-game.

### Knowledge content
**Famous Landmarks:**   

- To recognize the Centennial Hall (a UNESCO World Heritage site), 
- the Iglica sculpture
- the Wrocław ZOO

**Animal Vocabulary & Facts:**  
To learn the names of five animals and a fun fact about each, such as:

- Elephants have excellent memories, Pachyderm = thick Skin, Largest land animal
- Giraffes are the world's tallest mammals.
- Lions are close relatives of cats that live in groups called prides.
- Monkeys are excellent climbers.
- Penguins are birds that do not fly, but they are expert swimmers.


---

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./pl_04-script.md)
