---
title: Le zoo (pl_04)
hide:
---

# Le zoo (pl_04)
[Quest Index](./index.fr.md) - Language: [english](./pl_04.md) - french - [polish](./pl_04.pl.md) - [italian](./pl_04.it.md)

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: Poland - Wrocław

Explorez le célèbre zoo de Wrocław

## Content
Subjects: 



## Cards
**[Enclos pour animaux](../cards/index.md#animal_enclosure)**  
Un espace sûr conçu pour que les animaux puissent vivre au zoo.  

**[Louveteau](../cards/index.md#cub)**  
Un bébé lion.  

**[Église](../cards/index.md#iglica)**  
Une grande sculpture en métal à côté du Centennial Hall.  

**[Perroquet](../cards/index.md#parrot)**  
Un oiseau brillant qui peut copier des sons.  

**[Paon](../cards/index.md#peacock)**  
Un oiseau coloré avec une grande queue de plumes.  

**[Signe](../cards/index.md#sign)**  
Un tableau avec des faits simples pour vous aider à apprendre.  

**[Wrocław](../cards/index.md#wroclaw)**  
Une ville de Pologne avec des rivières, des ponts et de l'histoire.  

**[Drapeau de Wrocław](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_flag)**  
Le drapeau de la ville qu'il faut retrouver et restituer.  

**[Directeur du zoo](../cards/index.md#zoo_director)**  
La personne qui dirige le zoo et aide les visiteurs.  

**[Gardien de zoo](../cards/index.md#zoo_keeper)**  
Une personne qui s'occupe des animaux au zoo.  

**[Zoo de Wrocław](../cards/index.md#wroclaw_zoo)**  
Un grand zoo à Wrocław avec de nombreux animaux à découvrir.  

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- (none)
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 20
- Kind:
  - Journey
## Credits
- [Jan Stasienko](mailto:jan.stasienko@dsw.edu.pl) (Poland) (content)
- Lorenzo Castrovilli (Italy) (design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)
- Valeria Passarella (Italy) (design)
- Vieri Toti (Italy) (design)

## Game Design Notes

**Mission**  
The player must act as a detective to find the missing flag of Wrocław. The core gameplay involves visiting five different animal enclosures at the ZOO. To clear each animal as a suspect, the player must complete a unique, themed mini-game. After eliminating all animal suspects, the true culprit is revealed, and the player must retrieve the flag and return it to its rightful place.

**Character**

The ZOO Director: The character who gives the mission and provides information.
The Animals: An Elephant, a Giraffe, a Lion, a Monkey, and a Penguin, each with their own personality and mini-game.

### Knowledge content
**Famous Landmarks:**   

- To recognize the Centennial Hall (a UNESCO World Heritage site), 
- the Iglica sculpture
- the Wrocław ZOO

**Animal Vocabulary & Facts:**  
To learn the names of five animals and a fun fact about each, such as:

- Elephants have excellent memories, Pachyderm = thick Skin, Largest land animal
- Giraffes are the world's tallest mammals.
- Lions are close relatives of cats that live in groups called prides.
- Monkeys are excellent climbers.
- Penguins are birds that do not fly, but they are expert swimmers.


---

