
---
title: Pan di zenzero e mercato alimentare (pl_06)
hide:
---

# Pan di zenzero e mercato alimentare (pl_06)
[Quest Index](./index.it.md) - Language: [english](./pl_06.md) - [french](./pl_06.fr.md) - [polish](./pl_06.pl.md) - italian

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://antura.discourse.group/t/pl-06-gingerbread-food-market/37/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=1211829352#gid=1211829352)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/PL_06%20Torun%20Market/PL_06%20Torun%20Market%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: Poland - Torun

Scopri 5 ingredienti tipici polacchi e prepara i Pierogi!

## Content
Subjects: 

  - Food (x3)
  - Culture (x1)
  - Geography (x1)
  - Money (x1)

## Topics
### [Pierogi Recipe](./../topics/index.md#pierogi)

  - **[Pierogi Recipe](./../cards/index.md#pierogi_recipe)**  
    Make a soft dough, fill with mashed potatoes and farmer’s cheese, seal, boil until they float—then pan-fry in butter with onions.  
  - **[Pierogi polacchi](./../cards/index.md#pierogi)**  
    Ravioli ripieni di patate, formaggio o frutta. Sono un famoso piatto polacco.  
  - **[Valuta Zloty](./../cards/index.md#currency_zloty)**  
    La valuta polacca si chiama złoty. Monete e banconote riportano simboli polacchi.  
  - **[Pan di zenzero di Torun](./../cards/index.md#gingerbread)**  
    una delizia tradizionale polacca a base di spezie e miele, spesso decorata con bellissimi disegni.  

## Additional Cards
**[Apicoltore](./../cards/index.md#beekeeper)**  
Persona che si prende cura delle api e raccoglie il miele.  

**[Macellaio](./../cards/index.md#butcher)**  
Una persona che vende carne.  

**[Burro](./../cards/index.md#butter)**  
Grasso giallo ricavato dal latte, utilizzato per cucinare e cuocere al forno.  

**[Cannella](./../cards/index.md#cinnamon)**  
Una spezia dolce ricavata dalla corteccia degli alberi.  

**[chiodi di garofano](./../cards/index.md#cloves)**  
Una spezia forte usata per insaporire i cibi.  

**[Monete](./../cards/index.md#coins)**  
Piccola moneta rotonda in metallo.  

**[Cucinare](./../cards/index.md#cook)**  
Una persona che prepara il cibo.  

**[Venditore di latticini](./../cards/index.md#dairy_vendor)**  
Una persona che vende latte, burro e formaggio.  

**[Venditore di uova](./../cards/index.md#egg_vendor)**  
Una persona che vende uova.  

**[Uova](./../cards/index.md#eggs)**  
Cibo ricavato dai polli e utilizzato per cucinare e cuocere al forno.  

**[Zenzero](./../cards/index.md#ginger)**  
Radice piccante utilizzata in cucina e per preparare biscotti.  

**[Stampo per pan di zenzero](./../cards/index.md#gingerbread_mold)**  
Uno strumento sagomato che consente di creare divertenti forme di biscotti.  

**[Miele](./../cards/index.md#honey)**  
Un alimento dolce prodotto dalle api.  

**[Cucina](./../cards/index.md#kitchen)**  
Una stanza dove le persone cucinano e preparano dolci.  

**[Mercato medievale](./../cards/index.md#medieval_market)**  
Un mercato vecchio stile dove le persone comprano e vendono merci.  

**[Municipio di Toruń](./../cards/index.md#torun_town_hall)**  
Un grande edificio gotico a Toruń, vicino alla piazza del mercato.  

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./pl_06-script.it.md)

---

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- (none)
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 10
## Credits
- [Jan Stasienko](mailto:jan.stasienko@dsw.edu.pl) (Poland) (content)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)

## Game Design Notes

Once you free Antura, you see that he got quite scared and upset. To cheer him up, you want to do something for him. The guide suggests getting him some food, since he must have been quite hungry after being stuck there for a while. You go to the food market.
The baker tells us: Antura loves Torunian ginger bread. If you want to prepare it for him, here is a list of ingredients to buy at the market. He also offers you the access to his equipment, if during the shopping you will also buy pierogi for him. You have the following coins and banknotes from the Guide: one 20zł, one 10zł, one 5zł, three 2zł, five 1zł. You won’t need to use all of the money.

You go to all market stands and talk to the vendors, who tell you what they are selling.
Example:

- I sell cloves, cinnamon, ginger. I'm a grocer.
- I sell eggs. I’m an egg vendor.
- I sell Pierogi - (cook)
- I sell fruits and vegetables. I'm a greengrocer.
- I sell honey. I’m a beekeeper.
- I sell milk and butter. I’m a dairy vendor.
After each time the player hears a sentence, the cat will be asked to confirm or cancel the purchase of that product.
When all ingredients are bought, you go back to the cook to make the gingerbread and give him pierogi.
After we manage to make the Gingerbread, Antura tells us it’s a traditional Torunian dish and thanks you for making it for him.

**Assesment:**
Vocabulary – match the words to pictures. (eggs, flour, milk, bread, baker, grocer, honey, beekeeper, butcher, salt)

