---
title: Fleuve Oder (pl_03)
hide:
---

# Fleuve Oder (pl_03)
[Quest Index](./index.fr.md) - Language: [english](./pl_03.md) - french - [polish](./pl_03.pl.md) - [italian](./pl_03.it.md)

!!! note "Educators & Designers: help improving this quest!"
    **Comments and feedback**: [discuss in the Forum](https://antura.discourse.group/t/pl-03-a-voyage-on-the-odra-river/34/1)  
    **Improve translations**: [comment the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FPFOy8CHor5ArSg57xMuPAG7WM27-ecDOiU-OmtHgjw/edit?gid=106202032#gid=106202032)  
    **Improve the script**: [propose an edit here](https://github.com/vgwb/Antura/blob/main/Assets/_discover/_quests/PL_03%20Wroclaw%20River/PL_03%20Wroclaw%20River%20-%20Yarn%20Script.yarn)  

Version: 1.00  
Status: NeedsReview  
Location: Poland - Wrocław

Découvrez la célèbre rivière Odra à Wrocław et les différents types de ponts et de bateaux qui font de cette rivière une artère animée de la ville.

## Content
Subjects: 


## Additional Cards
**[Barge](./../cards/index.md#barge)**  
Un bateau long et plat qui transporte des marchandises sur les rivières.  

**[Bateau](./../cards/index.md#boat)**  
Un véhicule qui se déplace sur l'eau.  

**[Pont](./../cards/index.md#bridge)**  
Une structure qui permet aux personnes ou aux véhicules de traverser l’eau.  

**[Passerelle](./../cards/index.md#footbridge)**  
Un pont piétonnier. Interdit aux voitures.  

**[Péniche](./../cards/index.md#houseboat)**  
Un bateau fait pour vivre.  

**[Kayak](./../cards/index.md#kayak)**  
Un petit bateau sur lequel on pagaie.  

**[Rivière Odra](./../cards/index.md#place_odra_river)**  
Un grand fleuve de l'ouest de la Pologne. Il facilite la navigation et le commerce.  

**[Pont Rędziński](./../cards/index.md#redzinski_bridge)**  
Le plus long pont à haubans de Pologne.  

**[Pont routier](./../cards/index.md#road_bridge)**  
Un pont pour voitures et bus.  

**[Pont ferroviaire](./../cards/index.md#train_bridge)**  
Un pont avec des voies pour les trains.  

**[Pont de Tumski](./../cards/index.md#tumski_bridge)**  
Un pont célèbre avec des cadenas d'amour et des lanternes à gaz.  

**[La Vistule (Wisła)](./../cards/index.md#place_vistula_river)**  
Le plus long fleuve de Pologne s'appelle Wisła ou Vistule. Il traverse Cracovie et Varsovie.  

**[Ponts de Wrocław](./../cards/index.md#wroclaw_bridges)**  
De nombreux ponts traversent la rivière Odra à Wrocław.  

**[Map of Wroklaw](./../cards/index.md#wroklaw_map)**  
A simple map of Wrocław showing the Odra River with its islands and many bridges  

**[Odra river map](./../cards/index.md#odra_river_map)**  
A simple map that shows the Odra River in Poland and the way it flows to the Baltic Sea  

## Quest Script

[See the full script here](./pl_03-script.fr.md)

---

## Words
## Activities
- (none)

## Tasks
- (none)
## Gameplay
- Difficulty: Normal
- Duration (min): 20
## Credits
- [Jan Stasienko](mailto:jan.stasienko@dsw.edu.pl) (Poland) (content)
- Lorenzo Castrovilli (Italy) (design)
- [Stefano Cecere](https://stefanocecere.com) (Italy) (development)
- Valeria Passarella (Italy) (design)
- Vieri Toti (Italy) (design)

## Game Design Notes

Discover the famous Odra River in Wrocław and the different types of bridges and boats that make this river a bustling artery of the city.

### Knowledge Content
**River Geography:**

- The Odra is the second biggest river in Poland (after the Wisła).
- The Odra flows into the Baltic Sea.
- Learn to recognize a standard European sign indicating a river

**Urban Geography (Wrocław):**

- Wrocław has over 100 bridges.
- Bridges have different functions: for cars, pedestrians (footbridges), and trains.
- Rivers are used by different boats: for tourists, for living (houseboats), and for transporting goods (barges).

### Resources
**Rędziński Bridge**: Rędziński Bridge is the longest cable-stayed bridge in Poland, stretching across the Oder. It plays an important role in the city’s ring road system. Its modern design makes it a landmark of contemporary Wrocław.

**Tumski Bridge**: Tumski Bridge is famous for love padlocks and connects Ostrów Tumski with the city center. It’s a romantic spot for couples. In the evenings, it’s lit with gas lanterns.

**Cargo Barage**: A cargo barge is a flat-bottomed boat used to transport goods along rivers. These barges are still seen on the Oder today. They are essential for inland water transport.

**Kayaks**: Kayaks are popular for exploring Wrocław’s waterways and getting close to nature. Many people rent them for relaxing weekend trips. Paddling offers a peaceful view of the city from the water.

**Tourist Boats**: A tourist boat cruises the Oder River, offering scenic views of the city’s landmarks. It’s a great way to learn about Wrocław’s history. Guided tours are available in several languages.

